As advanced civilization spread across the eastern Mediterranean, rolls of papyrus were exported from Egypt by Phoenician merchants, above all from Byblos (Phoenician Gubla).4 When the Greeks invented true alphabetic writing with notations for vowels in the late ninth century BCE, they took over from the Phoenicians not only the names of the letters but also the word for book roll, byblos (the origin of English bible), based on the port whence this valuable commodity was traded.


Until 1959, the only ancient book rolls found outside Egypt were in the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum in Italy, which was discovered in 1752–1754 in a sumptuous residence that probably belonged to Cn. Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus, the father-in-law of Julius Caesar. This collection of about 800 rolls,8 consisting (Nearly all of the collection is now in the Biblioteca Nazionale, Naples.) mainly of unique books of Hellenistic philosophy but also of some equally unique works of Roman literature, survived only because it was carbonized by a pyroclastic flow during the eruption of Mount Vesuvius that buried the city in 79 CE.9 The flow was so lacking in oxygen and at such an ideal temperature that the rolls were carbonized but not totally consumed. They were mostly opened by mechanical means in the 18th and 19th centuries (but were severely damaged in the process);10 they are now being read far more accurately than ever before with the help of infrared imaging— with the best results at wavelengths of about 940 nanometers—that was carried out in 1999 by a team from Brigham Young University led by Steven and Susan Booras.11 Many of these scrolls remain unopened and unread[a].


“There were found many couches, written papyrus rolls, and many other things that ships’ captains trade in wooden containers” (Xen., An. 7.5.14).70 Evidently, boxes of books were already a common cargo in the ships that plied the Euxine in the late fifth century BCE. The top of the anoxic, lifeless level of the Black Sea has historically been about 140 m below the surface (it is now rising);71 objects made of wood and other organic materials are well preserved below this depth because the environment there cannot support life forms that devour them. Bascom was the first to propose that the bottom of the Black Sea preserves shipwrecks uniquely well.72 His hypothesis was confirmed by Ballard’s discovery in 2000 of the Late Roman shipwreck Sinop D at a depth of 320 m.73 Within a few months of its initiation in 2016, the Black Sea Maritime Archaeology Project had located and imaged with three-dimensional photogrammetry no fewer than 41 wrecks off the Bulgarian coast, including a merchant ship of a type depicted on Attic vases of the fifth century BCE; this lies at a depth of more than 2,000 m (fig. 5).74 The Project has now found 67 wrecks[b]


Its dimensions are recorded as 30 cm long × 5 cm in diameter,84 but the published photograph of it in situ (fig. 11) suggests that it was somewhat shorter. Although this photograph lacks a scale, the length of the bent, dark object lying across the wrist of the adult male skeleton in the tomb appears to be only four times the combined width of his two lower arm bones near the wrist; if the latter dimension was 6 cm, as measured on modern adult males, then the actual long dimension of the scroll was about 24 cm, if we take account of the breakage of the papyrus visible in the photograph[c].8


Fackelmann had not yet done his famous work of saving the Derveni papyrus, and the exigencies of the Cold War might in any case have excluded him


Jstor: Excavating and Conserving Europe's Oldest Books: A Papyrus from Mangalia on the Black Sea




The Mackerel Plaza” (1958). His hero, the Reverend Andrew Mackerel, of the People’s Liberal Church, is a man of wavering faith who once preached, “It is the final proof of God’s omnipotence that he need not exist in order to save us.”


By then, his daughter was mortally ill, and, in the summer of 1959, De Vries wrote to Salinger, “One trip through a children’s ward and if your faith isn’t shaken, you’re not the type who deserves any faith.” In what he calls a “half alcoholic screed,” he went on:
**{: .break one} ** I too have moments of faith, or assurance, or beauty—or maybe just lapses in nihilism. In the morning I’m capable of hearing the music of the spheres—it’s when the stars come out that I first hear the howling of eternal nothingness. **
So, medicine for this reason is a great way to approach a comparative intellectual history because of the certainty that there are underlying human bodies with the same physiology in each case. I work with colleagues in Paris who take a similar approach in mathematics and the history of mathematics, such as my colleague Karine Chemla, who works on classical Chinese mathematics. Did ancient Chinese mathematicians have the concept of proof in the same sense that the Greeks did? That’s another interesting field for a rigorous comparative approach, but the difference is perhaps that we lose the constant. We lose a firm grasp on something we can be sure is always the same. (https://fivebooks.com/best-books/history-of-philosophy-justin-e-h-smith/)




The established automation framework and the global platform helped the insurer to gain the incremental benefit of delivering value at speed with improved operational efficiencies


RPA robots are capable of mimicking many–if not all–human user actions. They log into applications, move files and folders, copy and paste data, fill in forms, extract structured and semi-structured data from documents, scrape browsers, and more


this is what ruined an archive of Minoan unbaked clay tablets found at Kato Zakro in Crete, when it rained overnight after they had been successfully excavated


What happens with our music site (we've also had stuff featured on Pitchfork), is that we are bombarded every day by many PR companies desperate to show a return on a band's investment by clocking up reviews across the web. If we review a band favourably the PRs get to know what we like. THat tends to self-reinforce. Then we tend to feed new stuff in our in box to reviewers who will like that kind of music. There's not much point sending an album to a reviewer who is going to absolutely detest it. So the main thing is, are there writers there who like the type of music you make? Can you identify them by name? If there are, the second level of choice is if the band has some heat around them - by which I mean good reviews, features on other blogs, are touring a lot, have a release. All this collateral support is going to help persuade someone to review the band. The third level of choice is the weight of the record company influence in the blog. e.g. if a big indie like Sub Pop has a big band at the moment, they will use that as leverage to get some of their other bands reviewed. They might give you the chance to review the big band first ahead of all other blogs as long as you review this or that breaking band.


https://www.quora.com/How-does-Pitchfork-choose-what-albums-to-review


“I don’t have the right software in my head to understand what’s going on,” Sylvain Levy, who has a large collection of Chinese contemporary art, said of the latest prices for Beeple and CryptoPunks.
“Art is no longer about a relationship with an object. It’s about making money,” he said. “I feel bad for art.”
(NYT)


This is liberalism at its finest- a reformist attitude that thinks if we can just fix the worst problems- remove the bad apples- get some better regulatory structures in place- then the system might just work rather than internalizing that a system based on fundamentally broken, greedy, hyper-capitalist models is one that will always produce harm.
The only viable option is total moral rejection. Anything less (selling, collecting, posting links to artists selling NFTs, yes even trying to find a less ecologically devastating model) holds up the power of the worst parts of this platform. It grants moral grayzone- an “oh, if my favorite artist is involved, maybe it isn’t so bad?” or a “but I know this person cares for the environment and they participate- maybe they know something I don’t?”
However, we must get there through collective empowerment and strong social programs like universal basic income, universal healthcare, divestment from warfare and policing, a regulated real estate market that does not capitalize on housing scarcity and rent, worker unions, food programs, environmental protections, and actual, functioning income taxes on the wealthy.
Many would call me unrealistic and naïve for this, unwilling to make compromises in the world we are living now because of an idealistic vision of a tomorrow; and to them I would like to say that we literally invented an extra-sovereign monetary system that within 10 years has generated trillions of dollars of worth and is held up with the power consumption of a small country.
Let this whole horrible chapter of history convince you that money is fake, we can do anything with it we want, and that we do not want cryptoart.




https://everestpipkin.medium.com/but-the-environmental-issues-with-cryptoart-1128ef72e6a3


After I left Escanaba, I felt some dignity that I had come of age far beyond the fallout of the cultural atom smasher. The movies I saw or albums I bought or, later, books I read were not much colored by the inducements of culture brokers. The pickings were slimmer, sometimes maddeningly so, and not always sophisticated, but I was never less than certain that I had picked them. This is what makes rural, small-town people so opinionated. Strong opinion is the necessary attendant of choice, however limited, while fashion is the bootlick of exacting coercion.
If I were growing up in Escanaba now, Amazon.com would happily suggest which books or compact disks to buy. Over the Internet, I could chat with people as distant as Newark or Portland, erasing the demarcations of isolation, a visible suburbanite to a vast, invisible city. The Movie People have come to capture Escanaba’s isolation, which exists, still, in every empty street and darkened storefront, but it is an isolation that is, increasingly, identical to that of a thousand towns just like it. All of them are attuned to the same cultural pulsar, as distant as it is familiar, as relentless as it is indifferent.


The lives of the laughing Escanabans are not too difficult for me to imagine. Their cars have shitty mufflers. They are smokers, drinkers, their romantic and occupational histories Iliads of woe. No doubt they have “some college.” No doubt they’ve swabbed enough aircraft carrier decks to have decided that Escanaba isn’t so bad after all. These upper midwestern Jukes and Kallikaks live in a culture which despises them, consume entertainment produced by people who mock them, and it is suddenly hard to fault their powerless laughter at a film in which they will find no representation, not even as tough-talking rednecks deodorized by horse-sense philosophy.
https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/the-mcsweeneys-books-preview-of-tom-bissells-magic-hours


I don’t think playing video games makes people more violent. You of all people should know that. I do, however, believe playing video games turns people into bigger assholes than they would otherwise feel comfortable being. Games are founded upon competition and confrontation. It’s probably no coincidence, then, that a large and extremely vocal part of the video-game audience responds to arguments with which it disagrees by lashing out. One reviewer of GTA V, Carolyn Petit of GameSpot, said the game was “politically muddled and profoundly misogynistic,” which is very much a defensible position. Petit also made it clear she loved GTA V. Twenty thousand irate comments piled up beneath her review, many of them violent and hateful. Is this reasonable behavior? Sure, if you’ve come to regard anything that stands in perceived opposition to you as in dire need of eradication. What is that if not video-game logic in its purest, most distilled form?
I review books too. Do you know that? No reader has ever told me he hopes I get cancer in response to a negative book review, which I’ve had happen with games. I’ve never met a literary critic who distrusts publishers as much as game critics distrust game developers. I’ve never met a smart reader who sneers at books as reflexively as many smart gamers reflexively sneer at games. Many people involved in this medium hate so much of it and one another. We’re living with the emotional consequences of all this suspicion and rage. The games we’re playing are the fruit of a poison tree.


The vision they peddle of men, women, minorities, American culture, and video games is apocalyptic, vicious, and often highly unpleasant. I’ve never really minded that, if only because watching talented people sweep out the dark corners of their imaginations is far more interesting than watching the handle of a moral puritan’s butter churn pump up and down.


Although still young in comparison to other emergent academic fields—when Game Studies, the first academic journal devoted specifically to computer games, was founded in 2001—the study of gaming has sped through developments and transformations that took decades in other disciplines. The number of dedicated academic journals can already be counted in the tens; the number of book volumes and conferences in the hundreds; and the number of articles and reviews in the thousands. The field has already fought its civil wars between ludologists and narratologists, has several large and vibrant academic associations and communities, and has been officially canonized in academia following the creation of degree and research programs at numerous universities in Asia, Europe, and North America
Jesper Juul, in his now canonical Half-Real: Video Games between Real Rules and Fictional Worlds (2005), emphasizes that video games are amalgamations of the two components mentioned in his subtitle, insisting that both are equally important and that their dynamic but also generally balanced relationship accounts for successful titles. Nevertheless, much of games scholarship appears to lean towards dividing games according to the types of activity enforced by the rules—hence the relative rarity of “science-fiction video games” as a fixed category. This bias is also reflected in the contents of the section devoted to “Generic Aspects” in Mark Wolf’s authoritative Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies (2014), which includes chapters devoted to action, adventure, role-playing, shooting,simulation, sports, and strategy (221-82). With sixty chapters running at over five-hundred pages, the Companion does not have a single section devoted to what Kücklich calls iconographic genres.
Simulating the Future (pp. 140-144)


To theorize a posthumanistic theory of the practice, this article takes as its focus the speedrunning community of the video game Super Mario Odyssey and suggests that speedrunning may ultimately be considered a mode of (post)human performance art.
Hay, Jonathan. “Fully Optimized: The (Post)Human Art of Speedrunning.” Journal of Posthuman Studies, vol. 4, no. 1, 2020, pp. 5–24. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/10.5325/jpoststud.4.1.0005. Accessed 14 Mar. 2021.


There is significant empirical evidence that some types of physical incitement may spur mystical enlightenment. In a matter of a few years, technology may well provide people with a reliable, easy, and safe way to attain mystical experiences. Suppose it were technologically very easy to attain mystical enlightenment by, say, activating an electronic device that temporarily stimulated certain areas in the brain. If such an option were available, should we opt for it? And should we try to develop such a device? I argue in this article that the answer to both questions is positive, defending a position that might be called technological mysticism. Part I discusses some preliminary assumptions. Part II presents arguments for technological mysticism, such as that it would allow more people to attain mystical enlightenment and would diminish suffering and frustration. Part III replies to possible arguments against technological mysticism, such as that it would lead to devaluation of mystical enlightenments or that the technologically achieved enlightenments would not be authentic. I conclude by discussing some of the implications of the claims made in this article.


Landau, Iddo. “The Case for Technological Mysticism.” Journal of Posthuman Studies, vol. 2, no. 1, 2018, pp. 67–85. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/10.5325/jpoststud.2.1.0067. Accessed 14 Mar. 2021.


the CEO of leading game publisher Activision in 2013 received an 800 percent pay raise, to nearly $65 million.
Specifically valuable to this conversation will be Zach Blas’s attention to “queer technology,” useful in thinking about how games, if viewed as queer technologies, have the capacity to “mutate and confuse,” as well as reproduce, the same heterosexist logics palpable in other technologies, such as in computer communications and the design of and functionary relationship between plugs and outlets.10 Similarly, Sadie Plant’s Zeros and Ones explores binary symbolism and numeric representations as conceptual epistemologies tied to, in part, Cartesian duality present in the binary code of zeros and ones, under which zeros are feminine and bear a relationship to the psychoanalytic “lack” of women, conceptually indicating absence, as opposed to ones, which are symbolically masculine and tied to the phallus.11 Likewise, when we shove a plug into an outlet, we are mimicking penetrative, heterosexual sex acts and myopic gender formulations. Interestingly, this particular design—male/female—is not inherent to the way the device operates; it could be stripped of its implicit gendered power dynamics and recast.
Queer technologies are specifically empowering as tools of queer agency. They resist heteronormative culture, the values of which are often designed into hardware. If it is to be categorized as queer, gaming hardware must question and transform patriarchal paradigms.
When they use existing hardware to play nearly all console games and many computer games, gamers are forced to enact heteropolitics. In attempting to control a character or the camera, invariably players utilize the joystick. Joysticks determine the agency players have over the world and over their character: their ability to move and interact with objects and other characters. As such, while game play may be able to critique cultural systems, it is undermined by the contradictory logics of controllers
A productive area where we might begin such an undertaking is with controllers. Input devices, like gamepads that feature at least one analog stick (PlayStation’s standard DualShock 3 or 4 or Xbox’s standard controllers utilize two), map games and gamers to the still-thriving phallocentric logics and perpetuate the conflation of hardware and masculinity (as opposed to software and femininity).23 As a variation of a joystick, analog sticks might be considered as one possibility among many. In short, we must reimagine gaming hardware in order to problematize such ideologies. To do so, we might begin to wonder the following: How would game experiences be altered if controllers no longer assigned in-game agency to phalluses? Furthermore, how could game controls communicate queer experiences—like, say, uncertainty?
We might explore this, for instance, by creating a controller designed to, after each play session concludes, offer the player or the developer the option to remap its controls. For instance, instead of “X” always controlling, say, the character’s ability to jump, it would be perpetually reassigned to other buttons. This reproduces the idea of uncertainty and decentralizes control, while also orienting players toward their own disempowerment
While I do not mean to say that we should entirely do away with present-day controller design aesthetics, I do think we could explore different options, which would allow us to retain the fluid mobility afforded by our dual phallus– joysticks while still disavowing their unfortunate investment in heteronormativity and disempowering cultural systems
 (Queer Game Studies)


* Through APIs, insurers can access larger pools of data which permits them to provide more intelligent risk evaluation, real-time fact-checking (in cases of fraud) and reduced underwriting times to their customers. A good example is data from wearables; insurers can analyze APIs connected to wearables to measure “invisible” lifestyle factors of customers (e.g., the number of steps, heart rate, etc.) and evaluate risk tolerance, thereby allowing personalized plans that incentivize “low-risk” behaviors.


Trust deficit: How to encourage consumers to share data




D.H. Lawrence, for example, learned from Williams that "there are two ways of being American, and the chief ... is by recoiling into individual smallness and insentience, and gutting the great continent in frenzies of mean fear. It is the Puritan way. The other is by touch; touch America as she is; dare to touch her! And this is the heroic way."
Poetry Foundation on William Carlos Williams


These three puzzles – how the Universe began, what dark matter is, and what dark energy consists of – make a compelling science case for future particle accelerators, observatories and satellite missions. Indeed, this decade already promises to be one of plenty on the observational front. A number of telescopes and satellite missions will be assembled and launched with the stated goal of mapping the Universe; discussions are underway to build a more powerful particle accelerator than the LHC; and new gravitational-wave observatories are being designed as we speak. With all of these new instruments, there’ll be much more data than we ever imagined, which might help us understand what’s going on with the Universe.
Except there’s a real risk that, even after spending all this time and money, we won’t really understand more about the Universe than we already do. By going down the route of building bigger and better instruments, sure, our measurements will be much more precise. However, there remains a possibility that all we’ll attain is yet more confidence that there’s some form of dark matter, some form of dark energy, and that the beginning of the Universe did undergo inflation. But we still won’t know what the dark matter or dark energy is, or what drove inflation. We’ll have a much more precise statement about our ignorance but nothing more.


I’ve spent most of my adult life staring at the cosmic chasm – the abyss between what we know and what we don’t. And while our knowledge of the Universe has improved dramatically in that time, our ignorance has become only more focused. We’re no closer to answering the big questions about dark matter, dark energy and the origins of the Universe than when I started out. This isn’t for lack of trying, and a titanic effort is now underway to try and figure out all these mysterious aspects of the Universe. But there’s no guarantee we’ll succeed, and we might end up never really grasping how the Universe works. That’s why we need to be creative and to explore. As Einstein once said: ‘Let the people know that a new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.’ While bridging the cosmic chasm might not be a matter of survival, undoubtedly it’s one of the most pressing challenges of modern science.
https://aeon.co/essays/we-are-at-a-crossroads-in-the-search-for-a-new-physics


Life insurance is a lot like love: selfless and simple. It’s a great option for preparing for the unexpected because it helps provide financial security and peace of mind during a time your family may need it most. It allows your family the opportunity to thrive in spite of the unexpected.
It allows you to protect and care for your family, even when you are gone.
https://www.pekininsurance.com/blogs/for-individuals/details/for-individuals/insure-your-love-protecting-what-matters-most


Items in your cart are in VERY high-demand. Your order is reserved for 09:39 minutes!
(pela case)


The current lawsuit targets Amazon’s practices in the market for physical trade books, which is publishing industry lingo for fiction and nonfiction books that are not textbooks or other reference materials.
That’s not to say Amazon is off the hook for e-books. One of the law firms involved in the new class action also filed suit against Amazon and the so-called Big Five publishers—Hachette, HarperCollins, Macmillan, Penguin Random House, and Simon & Schuster—earlier this year for price-fixing in the e-book market.


https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2021/04/amazon-colluded-with-publishers-to-fix-book-prices-class-action-suit-alleges/




This requires a holistic approach, one that exceeds the siloed approach of just one function. This also requires a common understanding of data across the different domains. This calls for an initial effort to come to this understanding, as well as continued persistence from the organisation, ultimately leading to visible and tangible benefits throughout the value chain.
https://www.consultancy.eu/news/5297/why-insurance-companies-are-strengthening-data-management


lready  in
1198
,  for  the  Fourth  Crusade,  a  new
general  executive  office  for  the  business  of  the  cross  had  been
established,  one  or  more  executors  being  appointed  to  specific
provinces  of  the  Church  for  promotional  and  other  purposes.
With  them  operated  freelance  preachers  such  as  the  famous
Fulk of Neuilly.
Simon Lloyd, "The Crusading Movement"


At his voice, indeed, those beyond the mountain and especially the bravest and strongest warriors of the French kingdom, and also those of Italy, inflamed by the ardour of love did come together, and, congregating a very great army, not without much shedding of their own blood, the divine aid being with them, did free from the filth of the pagans that city where our Saviour willed to suffer for us, and where He left His glorious sepulchre to us as a memorial of His passion, -and many others which, avoiding prolixity, we refrain from mentioning
Eugene III: Summons to A Crusade, Dec 1, 1154(https://sourcebooks.fordham.edu/source/eugene3-2cde.asp)


if you ask me this world has had enough “euro vision”. or have we already forgotten the devastation of colonialism, predicated as it was on the gaze and other ocular regimes of exploitation?


And it was present in staggering quantities: By various estimates, the inhabited subsurface realm has twice the volume of the oceans and holds on the order of 1030 cells, making it one of the biggest habitats on the planet, as well as one of the oldest and most diverse.
Researchers are still trying to understand how most of the life down there survives. Sunlight for photosynthesis cannot reach such depths, and the meager amount of organic carbon food that does is often quickly exhausted. Unlike communities of organisms that dwell near hydrothermal vents on the seafloor or within continental regions warmed by volcanic activity, ecosystems here generally can’t rely on the high-temperature processes that support some subsurface life independent of photosynthesis; these microbes must hang on in deep cold and darkness
They find evidence that, much as the sun’s nuclear fusion reactions provide energy to the surface world, a different kind of nuclear process — radioactive decay — can sustain life deep below the surface. Radiation from unstable atoms in rocks can split water molecules into hydrogen and chemically reactive peroxides and radicals; some cells can use the hydrogen as fuel directly, while the remaining products turn minerals and other surrounding compounds into additional energy sources.
Although these radiolytic reactions yield energy far more slowly than the sun and underground thermal processes, the researchers have shown that they are fast enough to be key drivers of microbial activity in a broad range of settings — and that they are responsible for a diverse pool of organic molecules and other chemicals important to life. According to Jack Mustard, a planetary geologist at Brown University who was not involved in the new work, the radiolysis explanation has “opened up whole new vistas” into what life could look like, how it might have emerged on an early Earth, and where else in the universe it might one day be found.






https://www.quantamagazine.org/radioactivity-may-fuel-life-deep-underground-and-inside-other-worlds-20210524/


Several sources told the Guardian that Barrowman did indeed repeatedly expose himself on set, although they stressed the context was different to the sexually predatory behaviour Clarke is accused of. Barrowman is gay, and his actions were described as misjudged “larking about” and “joking”.
However, some Doctor Who crew members described an overly relaxed, at times unprofessional culture on set in the early seasons of the show. “David [Tennant, who joined the show in season 2] behaved impeccably,” said Jenna, “and to a certain extent, I think that helped rein things in.”
Montaigne, On Cannibals


H AVING surveyed, during his invasion of Italy, the marshalling of the army that the Romans had set out against him, King Pyrrhus remarked: 'I do not know what barbarians these are' - for so the Greeks called all foreign nations - 'but the ordering of the army before me has nothing barbarous about it.'


We grasp at everything, but catch nothing except wind.


Men of intelligence notice more things and view them more carefully, but they comment on them; and to establish and substantiate their interpretation, they cannot refrain from altering the facts a little. They never present things just as they are but twist and disguise them to conform to the point of view from which they have seen them; and to gain credence for their opinion and make it attractive, they do not mind adding something of their own, or extending and amplifying. We need either a very truthful man, or one so ignorant that he has no material with which to construct false theories and make them credible: a man wedded to no idea.


I do not believe, from what I have been told about this people, that there is anything barbarous or savage about them, except that we all call barbarous anything that is contrary to our own habits. Indeed we seem to 108 ON CANNIBALS have no other criterion of truth and reason than the type and kind of opinions and customs current in the land where we live.


These people are wild in the same way as we say that fruits are wild, when nature has produced them by herself and in her ordinary way; whereas, in fact, it is those that we have artificially modified, and removed from the common order, that we ought to call wild. In the former, the true, most useful, and natural virtues and properties are alive and vigorous; in the latter we have bastardized them, and adapted them only to the gratification of our corrupt taste.


With all our efforts we cannot imitate the nest of the very smallest bird, its structure, its beauty, or the suitability of its form, nor even the web of the lowly spider. All things, said Plato, are produced either by nature, or by chance, or by art; the greatest and most beautiful by one or other of the first two, the least and most imperfect by the last.


They are in such a state of purity that it sometimes saddens me to think we did not learn of them earlier, at a time when there were men who were better able to appreciate them than we. I am sorry that Lycurgus and Plato did not know them, for I think that what we have seen of these people with our own eyes surpasses not only the pictures with which poets have illustrated the golden age, and all their attempts to draw mankind in the state of happiness, but the ideas and the very aspirations of philosophers as well. They could not imagine an innocence as pure and simple as we have actually seen; nor could they believe that our society might be maintained with so little artificiality and human organization.


This is a nation, I should say to Plato, in which there is no kind of commerce, no knowledge of letters, no science of numbers, no title of magistrate or of political superior, no habit of service, riches or poverty, no contracts, no inheritance, no divisions of property, only leisurely occupations, no respect for any kinship but the common ties, no clothes, no agriculture, no metals, no use of corn or wine. The very words denoting lying, treason, deceit, greed, envy, slander, and forgiveness have never been heard. How far from such perfection would he find the republic that he imagined: 'men fresh from the hands of the gods'.*


They ask no ransom of their prisoners but only the confession and acknowledgement that they have been beaten: but there has never been one, in a whole century, who has not chosen death rather than yield, either by word or behaviour, one single jot of their magnificent and invincible courage; not one of them has ever been known who has not preferred to be killed and eaten rather than beg to be spared


 For, properly understood, a true victory rests on that point alone, victoria nulla est quam quae confessos animo quoque subjugat hostes. * * 'There is no victory, except when the enemy in his own mind acknowledges himself beaten.' Claudian, On the Sixth Consulate of Honorius, 248 (adapted).


A man's value and reputation depend on his heart and his resolution; there his true honour lies. Valour is strength, not of leg or arm, but of the heart and soul; it lies not in the goodness of our horse or our weapons, but in our own. He who falls with a firm courage, 'will, though fallen, fight on his knees'.* The man who yields no jot to his steadfastness for any threat of imminent death, who, as he yields up his soul, still gazes on his enemy with a firm and disdainful eye, is beaten not by us but by fortune; he is killed but he is not vanquished. The most valiant are sometimes the most unfortunate


I have a ballad made by one prisoner in which he tauntingly invites his captors to come boldly forward, every one of them, and dine off him, for they will then be eating their own fathers and grandfathers, who have served as food and nourishment to his body. … A shaft of wit that by no means savours of barbarism


All this does not seem too bad. But then, they do not wear breeches.


Ekaterina Olistkaia


^!°^Ti,l?_lalc'vluages .thflt refased to give UP excess gram or expose kulaks
'fwew raided by punitive detachments. So peasants had special meetings to decide
who washing to be a kulak. I was astonished by all this, but the peasants ex-
plained: "We were ordered to uncover kulaks, so what else can we do?"


villagee assembues elected kalaks fhe way they used to elect elders. To spare
the children, they usually chose childless bachelors.
Anna Litveiko
tmt Ae Kremlin gates and rushed through the traffic into the neighboring streets^ There we saw a group of people leadmg a policeman. His hands were tiel smd .he was wearing afunny outfit that looked like a dress. Some woman was explaining to the crowd: 'They caught this fatso in our shed. He was so scared he was trymg to hide under a skirt. I bet he was a lot braver when he was beating other people? r ^e?t runDiuS UP tO him and spitting m his face until she was puUed away. MeanwhUe, three more policemen were beiag led toward us: one had been dragged out of a ceUar; the other two had been hiding in attics. tcWhy waste time with them? Let's try them right here!" some people shouted.


My father used to drink himself into a stupor on a regular basis. When drunk, he would chase my mofher aroimd wifh a kmfe; when sober, he would beg for forgiveness and feel sorry for himself. My mother had to do it all on her own: she took in washing from the neighbors, cleaned people's apartments, and chopped wood. Mother had eight children. Almost every year or two another would come along.
One New Year's Eve my fafher got dmnk and cut Mother on the shoulder and breast with a razor. When he had sobered up, my sister and I kicked him out of the house. It was my first independent act, and I was very proud of myself. '^v^> We never asked for my mother's opinion, though, and I never knew if her life ^ had improved as a result of dusJ;amH^£Xotution- She was quiet and never talked about her feelings, but later I realized that she had never stopped loving my father
People simply could not go home.
Speakers used to climb up on lampposts. Somebody would say: "We're defending the revolution! We must fight the war until we achieve victory!" Then he would be dragged down, and somebody in a faded trench coat would climb up and yell: "Have you ever been in the trenches? Have you ever tasted soldier's gruel? Have you ever been food for lice? Well I have, and now here I am, a cripple. What do I need victory for? Down wifh the war!"
Often, having agreed on what needed to be done, we would sing revolutioaaiy soags. Except for the secretary, there were no professional committee members m those days. There was no technical persomiel, eifher. We did everything ourselves
I started getting assignments, too. There was a special book, called Spiders and Flies It was all laid out very clearly. The bosses were the spiders. They drank our blood and appropriated the unpaid labor of the workers.
Iow do you know? Each person looks after himself." la those days people argued everywhere: on the shop floor, in the courtyard, m the streets, at home. If two people disagreed, a crowd would immediately gather around them—so interested were people in tfae main issues of the day: the policy of the Provisional Government, the war, and the land.
One was a Bolshevik; the otherwas from an intemgentsia family and was sensitive and extremely nice, but to my great disappomtufeat, did not trost the Bolsheviks. He used to say: '"Violence breeds more injustice. Bolshevism is barbarism."
hort and unkempt. She did not care about anything as long as &e soviet! ?ex. ' " "~fa "~ ~' ""'"""i ^Thatgiri is a true levolutioaaiy," I thought, but while I respected her, I couldl ?t^^^o^^mOTMds-^^^^AatIwasnotatraeBal^| red to give my life for the revolution!
To be honest, in our Presnia soviet there were still more SRs and Mensheviks than Bolsheviks, but at that point I felt that I could not only take away the stamp; I could do anything. There was no stopping me. He was talking about rights' but I knew that we were the ones in the right
I was terribly jealous of that man. He might never be able to waUc again, but he had managed to shoot. He had not gotten confused and missed his chance.
The next morning two cannons were brought over from Khodynka and placed at the entrance to the zoo. They were used to fire oa the center of fhe city. T
How were we to accompUsh that? We did not even need to ask. We already Imew^ We Just went to private pharmacies and said: "Give us tfais, that, and fhe other." Wary pharmacists 'would bring us large packages of cotton androlls of bandages. We gave &em receipts, even though nobody demanded them
one after another. I fcept seeing fhe face of that man as I walked in our column. FINALLY the Committee of Public Safety capitalated. We had seized power! But tee was none of the pure devil-may-care joy of the kind we had felt after fhe February Revolution. Then we had had nofhing to worry about. The revolution had taken place, and everythiog was wonderful. But now we were is power, and we were responsible for everything. There was a lot of concern. We were in charge now, but life was getting worse, not better




Sheila Fitzpatrick, The Russian Revolution
together with the new mining andFitzpatrick, Sheila. Russian Revolution, Oxford University Press, 1999. ProQuest Ebook Central,         http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/brown/detail.action?docID=430838.Created from brown on 2021-05-07 09:13:50.Copyright © 1999. Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
The Setting17metallurgical centres of the Donbass, in what is now Ukraine;Warsaw, Lodz, and Riga in the west; Rostov and the oil city ofBaku in the South. But most Russian provincial towns were stillsleepy backwaters at the beginning of the twentieth century—localadministrative centres with a small merchant population, a fewschools, a peasant market, and perhaps a railway station


The peasants still held their land in communal tenure, dividingthe village fields into narrow strips which were tilled separatelyby the various peasant households; and in many villages, themir(village council) would still periodically redistribute the strips sothat each household had an equal share.


The peasants who worked as seasonal labourers (otkhodniki) wereoften away for many months of the year, leaving their families totill their land in the villages. If the journeys were long—as in thecase of peasants from central Russian villages who went to workin the Donbass mines—the otkhodniki might return only for theharvest and perhaps the spring sowing


Enterprises like the famous Putilov metalworking and machine-building plant in Petersburg and the largely foreign-owned metallurgical plants of the Donbass employed many thousands of workers.


InJanuary1905, Petersburg workers held a peaceful demonstration—organized not by militants and revolutionaries, but by a renegadepriest with police connections, Father Gapon—to bring their eco-nomic grievances to the attention of the Tsar. On Bloody Sunday(9January), troops fired on the demonstrators outside the WinterPalace, and the 1905 Revolution had begun


On1March, before the formalestablishment of the Provisional Government or the emergence of‘responsible leadership’ in the Soviet, the notorious Order No.1wasissued in the name of the Petrograd Soviet. Order No.1was arevolutionary document and an assertion of the Soviet’s power. Itcalled for democratization of the Army by the creation of electedFitzpatrick, Sheila. Russian Revolution, Oxford University Press, 1999. ProQuest Ebook Central,         http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/brown/detail.action?docID=430838.Created from brown on 2021-05-07 09:14:13.Copyright © 1999. Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
481917: The Revolutions of February and Octobersoldiers’ committees, reduction of officers’ disciplinary powers,and, most importantly, recognition of the Soviet’s authority on allpolicy questions involving the armed forces: it stated that no gov-ernmental order to the Army was to be considered valid without the counter-signature of the Soviet.


Peasants lived in small and widely dispersed settlements that were isolated from each other during the long winters. The government had little role to play in rural affairs: the land reforms of the 1860s and 1907 were never implemented in the Yanni Kotsonis province, largely because agriculture was a minor occupation for most of the population, and acute undergovernment made the proposition impracticable.15 Merchants, tax collectors, and recruiters made their way to the Northern backwaters, but none of them were welcome. Significantly, travelers in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries noted that the Solovetskii uprising of 1668-1676, which combined religious passions with a rejection of an overbearing central authority, was still a popular theme in local folklore.


Help began arriving in 1918, but it was not simply to bolster the local party organization. In February, Sovnarkom dispatched a commission to Arkhangel'sk to seize the vast quantities of Allied-supplied war materiel stranded on the docks since 1917 and send them to Soviet territory before the Allies could reclaim them.33 When the local Soviet refused to cooperate, in part because the Allies warned them that the continued supply of food from abroad depended on the fate of the war materiel, the commission brought in sailors from the Baltic and Arctic fleets.34 In May, Sovnarkom appointed Mikhail Kedrov to head an Inspection Commission and gave him broad powers to "correct defects and wrongdoings" in the local Soviets.35 What followed became known in local society as the "Reign of Terror." Kedrov imposed martial law to facilitate the removal of the supplies, which by July was completed.36 In June, local supporters of Mensheviks and SRs protested against "the traitors and swindlers in power," and forced new elections to both the provincial and town Soviets. The local Bolshevik organization firmly believed that it would lose, but Kedrov's coercion and threats ensured that both elections returned Bolshevik-Left SR majorities.37 The provincial Soviet's new Executive Committee excluded all other parties from the soviets, claiming that power "should be in the hands of those who achieved the October Revolution." The new authorities then implemented the decisions of Sovnarkom that their predecessors had resisted: on the day of the elections, Kedrov disbanded the old town Duma and sent its members to Moscow to stand trial for "counterrevolution"; in July the Soviet banned the last of the non-Bolshevik press, and nationalized all banks, merchant houses and vessels, and deported the proprietors to Central Russia.38 When Sovnarkom ordered that scarce coal and food supplies be sent to central Russia, even the sailors protested.


[facing hunger and rebellion the region makes a deal with war allies for military support and food]
The troops landed forthwith, but after the signing of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, Sovnarkom ordered the Regional Soviet to fall in with central government policy, avoid provoking German hostility, ask the troops to withdraw, and reject further offers of assistance. When the Regional Soviet objected that the Allies could provide what Sovnarkom could not, Sovnarkom characterized local organizations as parochial, and again dispatched an Extraordinary Commission to bring the local soviet into line with central policy


In late June the new commissar for foreign affairs, Georgii Chicherin, informed the chairman of the Regional Soviet, A. M. Iur'ev, that the Allied presence was an "invasion," adding that "you have only yourself to blame" for failing to understand the policy of Soviet Russia. Iur'ev's response touched on the heart of the matter: "It is all very well for you to talk that way, sitting there in Moscow."44 Two days later, the Murman Soviet met in joint session with the railway union and sailors' committee, and voted to procure the material and armed assistance of the Allies by written agreement, with or without the approval of Sovnarkom. In the last direct communication between the Murman Soviet and the central government, Chicherin reiterated that the "Anglo-French," like the "Finno-Germans," were "imperialists and class enemies," and that any agreement with them would be "treasonous to the Revolution and Soviet Russia." Iur'ev's response again highlighted how removed the center was from the immediate needs of the region: "Will you give me supplies for the region . . . ? Will you give me real power for the execution of your instructions, [power] that I do not have at the present time?"


Using the Soiuz as their organizational base, they decided to concentrate members in a region where they could remove the Bolsheviks, invite the Allies to land troops, and recruit a Russian army to sweep aside Bolshevism and reenter the Great War on the side of the Allies. That Arkhangel'sk became the primary focus of what was supposed to be an all-Russian struggle was accidental: the White Sea region was the one area where Allied forces could readily land troops and help to solve the pressing food problem.49 The plotters had no intention of creating an autonomous region along the lines proposed by local activists; rather, the North would become an integral part of a liberated and reunited Russia.


The immediate task of the new regime was to create a Russian national army. It would first remove Bolshevik power from the remainder of Russia, after which "we will stand face to face with our real and chief enemy, the Germans."54 But by the end of September, no more than seventy locals had answered the call for volunteers. The government decided on partial mobilization, but the apparent apathy of the local population to the imperatives of war was a cause for great concern among socialists. Their anxieties were reflected on the pages of the socialist daily, Vozrozhdenie Severa, in which the lead articles were often written by the cabinet members themselves.55 "What a happy hour!" declared a lead article soon after conscription was announced; this was the only way for "a great nation" to achieve "respect and recognition . . . The government did what was required by the pressing interests of the state, its honor, and its dignity," and will "allow citizens to fulfill their duty to their motherland." "It only remains to be hoped," the author continued, that the decree will "bring the population out of the apathy" that had permitted the Bolsheviks to seize power in the first place


The town of Baku, which until 1902 produced as
much oil as the whole of the United States, was complexly segregated, with Rus-
sians and Armenians in the central part of the town and Muslims clustered in
distinct districts. Poor Mztslim workers developed resentments against skilled
workers and employers, most of whom were Christians. Armenians and Russians
were either blind to the concerns of Muslims or condescending in their behavior.
By virtue of property holdings and a legal quota on Muslim representation, the
Baku city duma remained in the hands of wealthy Armenians and Russians. Even
though incorporation into the Russian Empire provided a new outlet for educated
Muslims, some of whom turned from their religious upbringing to a more secular
outlook, social resentments festered, particularly in times of political uncertainty.
Ethnoreligious differences defined the battle lines in bloody clashes between Cau-
casian Muslims and local Armenians both in 1905 and 1918. When observers
spoke about politics or class interests the language was about consciousness and
rationality, values coded as masculine; when they spoke about ethnic impulses, it
was about something more elemental, irrational, feminine. In the fall of 1917, for
example, a reporter on unrest in Baku told his listeners: The population ofBaku
and the industrial districts [where the inhabitants were mostly Muslim] feels ex-
tremely nervous about the supply problems. An intelligent attitude is noticeable
among only a few. The dark forces are not sleeping and are using the situation
being created to carry on hooligan agitation.... Crowds of uninformed Muslims
appear with reproaches that no one cares about them. Behind them appears a
crowd of similarly uninformed Russian women, claiming that it is mostly Mus-
lims about whom [the authorities] care. 23 The word in Russian for politically
uninformed was usually nesoznatelnyi, literally unconscious


Yet when decisions had to be made as to
what rights to give to the constituent peoples of Russia, those in power found it
difficult to make concessions to national aspirations. Confronted immediately by
existentml questions of war and peace, land reform, and the future shape of the
new state, the liberal and moderate socialists who came to power were extraordi-
narily confident that juridical solutions could ameliorate deep social and ethnic
conflicts. Women were given the vote, and restrictions on Jews and other peoples
were abolished. The evils that had led to class and nationality hostilities were laid
at the doorstep oftsarism, and it was argued that proper legislation in a Western,
liberal direction would solve all such problems.


In the revolutionary year the
Bolshevik position foresaw giving nationalities a stark choice: either full inde-
pendence and separation from the rest of Russia or becoming part of a future
!!^!air7.socialist,state,w?h alcultural and civil ri§hts guaranteed for working
people. Lenin believed that if Russians offered this choice between full national
Independence on one hand and continuing membership in the Russian state on
?! othel:this tolerancewould actually make non-Russians less UkeTy to opt for
^PTdence»Len^asked the seventh Conference of the Bolsheviksin Apn\
i9L7/he!oricall7'EEWhy should we Great Russians> who have been oppressmg
more nations than any other people, deny the right to secession for^PoIand"
ukrame'or Fmland?"He declared that the Bolshevik attitude toward -the~sep^
!!tisLm.°Tn?t sl?ould be tmdifferentl neutral •• - We are for Finland receiving
^T^eteJreedoI^because then t.here_wi11 be greater trust m Russian democracy
and the Finns will not separate."24 With considerable acuity, Lenin understood
the dangers of trying to throw Russian weight around. He warned his comrades
not to repeat the mistakes of the old regime's "Great Russian chauvinism" and to
renounce its heritage of injustice toward the non-Russians of the empire.


Like the famous and influential Polish Jewish Marxist Rosa Luxemburg, they
consistently favored subordinating nationalism strictly to promotion of class con-
siderations. In a class society, she wrote, the nation as a homogeneous socio-
political entity does not exist. Rather, there exist within each nation, classes with
an^agonistic interests and rights. 25 For Lenin, nationalism reflected only the
in^rests of the bourgeoisie; the proletariat's true interests were supranational;
and the end of colonialism would diminish the power of nationalist sentiments.
Nationalism and separatism were neither natural nor inevitable, but were contin-
gent on the sense of oppression that nationalities experienced from imperialism.


In contrast to his party comrades on the Left, Lenin
refused to oppose the Independence of Finland, Poland, and Ukraine. Though he
hoped that such separations could be avoided and reserved the option to oppose
specific moves toward independence on principle, he was unequivocal in his
public commitment to "the full right of separation from Russia of all nations and
nationalities, oppressed by tsarism, joined by force or held by force within the
borders of the state, i.e., annexed." At the same time, he argued that the goal of
the proletarian party was the creation of the largest state possible and the rap-
prochement (sblizhenie) and eventual merging {sliianie) of nations. Such a goal
was to be reached, he optimistically predicted, not through force, but voluntarily,
by the will of the workers.26 The question remained open, however: what would
Lenin and the Bolsheviks actually do ifnon-Russians chose to leave Russia?


In the complex push and pull between national and imperial identi-
ties that we have traced throughout this book, neither proved the victor or in-
spired the workers, soldiers, peasants, or socialist revolutionaries. Although the
nation-form had seemed poised to sweep aside empires and emerge as the trium-
phant political model of the twentieth century, Russia followed a different course.
Imbued with many of the democratic principles of national discourse, the de-
mokratiia understood sovereignty to rest in the working people. They aspired to
dignity and equality—for working people—and participatory and responsive
government. They sought economic rights and, more concretely, control of the
land and factories. But for the most part they did not respond to the strains of
nationalism. Other kinds of affiliation and political thinking made for a forking
rather than one-way road from old regime empire to modern state.
In the borderlands what had
l^been social struggles along class lines rapidly turned into inter-ethnic conflicts.
HjEn Caucasia the danger of a Turkish invasion threatened some nationalities (the
||Annenians and Georgians) and was seen as an opportunity by others (the Azer-
g|baijanis)


Eric Lohr The Bolshevik Revolutio is Over
the only disputes
today are whether collectivization should be characterized as genocide or just as
one of the worst atrocities of the twentieth century


To see collectivization as
revolutionary makes little sense: it is better seen as a counterrevolution against
the 1917
–
18 communalization of all landholding and as a reimposition of state
serfdom in an even more exploitative and brutal form.


The most dramatic attempt at a Kuhnian paradigm shift in how we think aboutthe Bolshevik Revolution comes from the iconoclastic pen of Yuri Slezkine. Hisstudy of the“House of Government,”an apartment for the most prominentmembers of the Bolshevik elite, is really a comprehensive reinterpretation of theBolshevik Revolution. His argument, presented in literary/biographical/analyticalforms, is simple: the Bolsheviks are best understood as a millenarian sect. Hisbiographical sketches of Bolshevik“conversions”to the revolutionary causeread like a seminary yearbook of conversion stories, often facilitated by closefriendships or romantic encounters. For Slezkine, Bolshevik conversions wereabout entrée into the revolutionary movement and the intelligentsia at the sametime. This for him is crucial.“A conversion to socialism was a conversion to theintelligentsia, to a fusion of millenarian faith and lifelong learning”(37). As heputs it,“to be a true intelligent meant being religious about being secular; asking‘the accursed questions’over lunch and dinner; falling deeper and deeper intodoubt and confusion as a matter of principle; and feeling both chosen anddamned for being better educated, more intelligent, and more honest than one’smilieu”(24).


s several reviewers have pointed out, the book can be maddening for schol-ars. Slezkine’s categorical and provocative declarations come so fast and furious,with so little evidence or explanation to back them up, that the reader is eitherforced into a kind of numbed acceptance, or metaphorically throwing the bookagainst the wall.14Here are just a few examples:“Christianity is inherently‘to-talitarian’in the sense of demanding unconditional moral submission (the co-incidence of God’s will and human desires) and emphasizing thought crimes14Metaphorical because the book is far too heavy and fragile to survive a toss.over formal legality”(106);“Both Jesus and Mohammed were apocalyptic mil-lenarian prophets”(87);“the Hebrew God was thefirst universal autocrat”(79);“the general Bolshevik conception of sin was identical to St. Augustine’s”(405).Then, we’re told in a few sentences that fascism too was a millenarian sect.


Here and elsewhere, Slezkine’s method seems to be that of the novelist—usingallusion rather than logic or causal analysis to create impressions for the reader.His jumps back to early Christianity to explain Bolsheviks are reminiscent ofDostoevsky’s mid-novel jump back to the Grand Inquisitor. He often weaves analysis of fiction in with historical analysis, without clear demarcation. For example, in a passage that I see as one of the keys to the entire book, Slezkine
recounts a passage from Yuri Trifonov’s 1973 novelImpatiencein which afic-tional character claims that the“end justifying the means”was“contained inChrist’s teachings”(974). This incendiary and false claim is helpful to Slezkine’soverall argument, and it seems that he may be cleverly hiding his endorse-ment behind a quote from afictional character. Lord knows. More prosaically,Slezkine’s assumption that readers are familiar with novels that are now rarelyread and in twenty years will likely be read by almost no one will make thisan increasingly difficult read. Big parts of this book are already nearly obsoletefor most of the reading public outside specialists on the 1920s and 1930s, andsoon will become even more so.


In
the end, a typographical exercise would place the Bolsheviks closer to extremist
millenarian cults than to labor and peasant movements of the modern era. No one
looks to Thomas Münzer and the sixteenth-century Anabaptists for answers to
anything today. Slezkine
’
s book makes a powerful case that the Bolsheviks will
soon be relegated to a similar fate. His narrative about an apartment building that
housed the sect that ran the Soviet Union makes a strong case that the Bolshevik
Revolution is over.




“The Petrograd Soviet officially created the worker militia of Petrograd on February 28, 1917, with the Soviet assigning Bolshevik Alexander Shlyapnikov the task of overseeing the arming and organization of the militia. In spring and summer 1917, the Petrograd worker militias were superseded by the Red Guard, which in late August played an important role in defeating General Lavr Kornilov’s attempts at counterrevolution.13
The extent of the militia’s responsibilities were a sensitive question, as casting them too much in terms of class conflict could provoke opposition from the non-worker social milieu. Shlyapnikov saw the purpose of the workers’ militia as not only to police factory districts, but also to defend gains made for workers during the February Revolution.”


Excerpt From: Barbara C. Allen. “Leaflets of the Russian Revolution.” iBooks.


“When the Petrograd Soviet created a section on militia affairs in mid-March, it removed from Shlyapnikov formal responsibility for links with militias. In late March and early April, he began to advocate a worker “guard.” Shlyapnikov and Konstantin Eremeev, who in December 1917 became Petrograd military district commander, decided to organize the guard in the most “revolutionary” worker districts. Shlyapnikov authored the Vyborg District Soviet’s April 29 decree on the organization of the workers’ guard. The Vyborg regulations restricted membership in the guard to workers who belonged to a socialist party or a trade union, or who were chosen by their fellow factory workers. The regulations defined the main tasks of the workers’ guard as: “1) struggle with the counterrevolution, 2) armed defense of the working class and 3) defense of all citizens’ life and safety.” Other districts modeled their Red Guard units on those of Vyborg. In August 1917, the Red Guard central staff was formed.15
When revolutionary socialists began organizing the Red Guard, moderate socialists and liberals feared that the Bolsheviks would use the guard for partisan purposes. Defending the Red Guard against these charges, Shlyapnikov explained that it was necessary for several reasons. First[…]”


Excerpt From: Barbara C. Allen. “Leaflets of the Russian Revolution.” iBooks.




The Mask of Anarchy (Percy Bysshe Shelley)
7
And many more Destructions played
In this ghastly masquerade,
All disguised, even to the eyes,
Like Bishops, lawyers, peers, or spies.


                8
Last came Anarchy: he rode                        30
On a white horse, splashed with blood;
He was pale even to the lips,
Like Death in the Apocalypse.


                9
And he wore a kingly crown;
And in his grasp a sceptre shone;
On his brow this mark I saw--
'I AM GOD, AND KING, AND LAW!'


---
For with pomp to meet him came,
Clothed in arms like blood and flame,
The hired murderers, who did sing                60
`Thou art God, and Law, and King.


                16
We have waited, weak and lone
For thy coming, Mighty One!
Our purses are empty, our swords are cold,
Give us glory, and blood, and gold.'


                17
Lawyers and priests, a motley crowd,
To the earth their pale brows bowed;
Like a bad prayer not over loud,
Whispering -- `Thou art Law and God.' --


                18
Then all cried with one accord,                        70
`Thou art King, and God, and Lord;
Anarchy, to thee we bow,
Be thy name made holy now!'


---
So he sent his slaves before
To seize upon the Bank and Tower,
And was proceeding with intent
To meet his pensioned Parliament


                22
When one fled past, a maniac maid,
And her name was Hope, she said:
But she looked more like Despair,
And she cried out in the air:


                23
`My father Time is weak and gray                90
With waiting for a better day;
See how idiot-like he stands,
Fumbling with his palsied hands!


                24
`He has had child after child,
And the dust of death is piled
Over every one but me--
Misery, oh, Misery!'




https://www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/10.13169/prometheus.37.2.0173.pdf?ab_segments=0%252Fbasic_phrase_search%252Fcontrol&refreqid=excelsior%3A5f19aebde80b98e6167bf718ec45e666
review of: War and Algorithm edited by Max Liljefors, Gregor Noll and Daniel Stor (2019) 232pp., £28 (paperback) Rowman & Littlefield, London, ISBN 978-1-78661-364-6


Daniel Steuer opens his intervention by echoing a now widely held view among scholarly, policy and military communities that war is not what it used to be. As categories inherited from the Westphalian order of international relations break down, a generalized indistinction strikes ‘even the most fundamental concepts, for example those between combatants and civilians, state and nonstate actors, and, ultimately even between war and peace themselves’ (p.18). Left in their wake is an indeterminate condition of ‘global partisan war’ through which the entire world is rendered as a site of conflict riven by ‘gray zone’ operations and hybrid threats that weaponize every possible lever of power. The binaries of war and peace have definitively broken down, replaced by allencompassing calculations of risk and security.


        In particular, he takes aim at what he calls ‘informational naturalism’, a belief in the world as an information processor and a corresponding universal convertibility of all things into data. In a rich discussion that encompasses Adorno, Heidegger and Sohn-Rethel, Steuer contends that information represents a process of abstraction of meaning analogous to the prior abstractions of forces by energy and labour by money (p.22). Accordingly, all action in a world dominated by informational naturalism is derived from that world’s translation into data, whether presented on the screen of a Bloomberg terminal or of a military command-and-control system.
        The final dystopian endpoint to which informational naturalism tends is a cybernetic melding of humanity and its information processing machines with society imprisoned within ‘an epistemological and behavioral cage’ that excludes any thought or action beyond its parameters (p.24). Human freedom is correspondingly annihilated, with all behaviour taking the form of mere reflex action (p.24). Values and identities exist as only fleeting attachments, instrumentalized for the ultimate ends of circulation and extraction (p.21). All we are left with is the bleak prospect of ‘a kind of dysfunctional stasis, a lingering apocalypse, life as continual warfare, with techno-economic partisans permanently engaged in instantaneous value extraction’ (p.36).


        For all our professed concern for saving the planet, the reality is that even worst-case climate change scenarios are well within the bounds of known variation within Earth’s geological history (p.68). The planet will undoubtedly outlast us, perhaps even eventually experiencing the same renewed flourishing of life that followed previous mass extinctions. If anything needs saving, therefore, it is us – from our own selves. While Caygill eschews any treatment of algorithms, one can infer from such unmitigated pessimism that they count for little more than another human vanity in the face of the looming cataclysm: ‘it would take extreme confidence in human exceptionality to believe that humans will, through the technical manipulation of energy and information, find a way of avoiding extinction’ (p.68).


        Sara Kendall expands on Noll’s discussion in asking whether a certain understanding of law does not in fact find its realization in the algorithm. Indeed, if one takes law’s telos, its ultimate end, to be a perfect compliance with its edicts such that it effectively never needs to be enforced to achieve the desired behaviour of its subjects, then we may conceivably be standing at the cusp of the moment when autonomous code and heteronomous law become indistinguishable. ‘If autonomy signifies the unity between the law-giving and the law-abiding subject, then at an extreme of this logic, LAWS [lethal autonomous weapon systems] may no longer appear as a threat but rather as a perfect state of self-regulation, as auto nomos’ (p.107).


        There is no doubt that one of the defining features of contemporary warfare and one of the main drivers of autonomous weapons is a strong aversion to military casualties among Western states, giving rise to a form of ‘risk-transfer war’ in which risk is systematically redistributed to fall upon the civilian populations of those countries on the receiving end of intervention (Shaw, 2005).


Liljefors borrows from Paul Virilio the notion of ‘omnivoyance’ as the principle of power animated by ‘the will to see all, to know all, at every instant, everywhere, the will to universalised illumination: a scientific version of the eye of God which would forever rule out the surprise, the accident, the irruption of the unforeseen’ (Virilio, 1994, p.70).


Three distinct levels of blindness afflicting technovision are identified. The first of these rests on the principle that any extension of perception must come with some reduction in the quality of perception, a trade-off which means that ‘to see more is also to see less’ (p.129). Liljefors illustrates this by reference to the exponential growth in data attendant to any efforts to increase the reach, granularity and temporal span of military surveillance, occasioning bottlenecks and systemic friction when processing them into actionable information (p.132). A second level of blindness is caused by ‘the opacity of the machine that helps us to see’ (p.139). For as the organs of machine perception gain in complexity, it becomes increasingly challenging to interpret their activity in terms of human perception. Human operators are forced either to take at face value the outputs presented to them by their machines or, if they are to penetrate their black box, turn themselves ‘into a fully integrated component of the technovisual apparatus’ (p.141). A final level of blindness is found in the ‘blindness towards one’s perspective’ (p.146). Liljefors explains that the omnivoyant model of military surveillance, with its pooling of information into a supposedly all-seeing networked infosphere, must be understood as properly aperspectival. Yet, rather than this excarnated view from nowhere constituting an all-encompassing Archimedean point, it is struck by its own radical cecity through an inability to recognize its own delimitation, ‘an erasure of the awareness that one’s field of vision is, after all, necessarily limited’ (p.147).


Faced with such a grim prospect, a retreat to a humanist conception of the sovereign subject may be all too tempting. Such a sanctuary would be entirely illusory. We cannot retrace our steps, nor can we restore by fiat our erstwhile metaphysical certainties. Liljefors appears sensitive to this foreclosure when he suggests that insistence on a categorical divide between the human and the machine and prohibition of any hint of anthropomorphism in our understanding of technology may not be sustainable (p.133). He submits that the very notion of a discrete human vision is itself the product of an anthropomorphization of the human without which its processes must appear strictly mechanistic, a mere ‘system of sensors and electrochemical data processing’ (p.134). And underlying it is ultimately ‘the fantasy of the gaze, the idea that something immaterial – an invisible vehicle of sight – emanates from the eye as a token of the observer’s agency and intent, traversing the threshold between interior subjectivity and the external world’ (p.134). Scepticism regarding the breathless posthumanism that abounds in certain quarters and celebrates the merger of human and machine as the eschatological realization of a technological singularity is undoubtedly warranted. Yet any straightforward appeal to some exceptional human quality of interiority that transcends This content downloaded from 138.16.115.29 on Tue, 05 Oct 2021 02:11:42 UTC All use subject to htt Prometheus 178 naturalist accounts is likely to devolve ultimately into an indefensible brand of vitalism or spiritualism. To this must be added that the humanist conception of the subject has been dismantled as much by cybernetics as by the century of critical theory and anti-humanist philosophy which informs the outlook of War and Algorithm’s authors. Perhaps the most difficult admission of all, however, is that cybernetics is not dangerous because it is false, but rather because, in a very important sense, it is true and it works (Grove, 2019, p.31).
---
McClendon maintained his innocence, but died the next day, March 2, 2016, in a single-occupant single-vehicle crash when he drove his SUV at 88 mph into a concrete bridge embankment.
(Wikipedia for Aubry McClendon)




 Mclntire was the uber-fundamentalist, largely incapable of agreeing even with other fundamentalists. Mclntire joined J. Gresham Machen in attack- ing the Presbyterian Church for liberalism in the late 1920s and early 1930s. Both left Princeton Seminary in 1929 and founded a "true church."2 But Mclntire thought Machen, who did not find premillenialism to be justified by the Bible, had compromised with modernism, and he was also offended by Machens belief that moderate alcohol consumption was acceptable. Shortly after Machen died in 1937, Mclntire broke away to establish his own church, the Bible Presbyterian Synod.3 In 1955, Mclntire was ejected from this church because of his dictatorial leadership style, but his faithful followed him and insisted that they remained the true "Bible Presbyterian Church."4 Mclntire remained with this reconstituted church until it finally forced him out in 1999. So at the age of ninety-two he created a new church, which met in his living room. Never willing to give up, always looking for conspiracies when things did not go his way, and a model of fundamentalist hostility toward modernity, Mclntire might well be described as God's angriest man.5


0s. In 1965 Group Research, a liberal monitoring organization, reported to the Democratic National Committee that in 1950 there had been two nationally syndicated TV or radio programs produced by "radical right" spokesmen. By 1965, though, the number had grown to sixteen. Carried on more than six hundred stations at its peak, Mclntire s Twentieth Century Reformation Hour was one of the most widely heard. Group Research identified two programs, Dangers of Apathy 2nd Citizens Council Forum, as self-designated "public service" broadcasts


The growth of right-wing propaganda in this era owes a great deal to an informal national network of manufacturers of machine parts, dog food, and canned vegetables.


And nowhere was protest against civil rights louder than on right-wing radio. While evangelists such as Charles Fuller stuck to the old-time gospel message they had been preaching for decades, Carl Mclntire and Billy James Hargis attacked the civil rights movement as unbiblical, immoral, dangerous, and communistic


Mclntire was undoubtedly eccentric. He held a UFO conference in 1975, he dreamed of creating a Viet- nam theme park in Florida, and he thought that Nixon, Kissinger, and Billy Graham were hopelessly liberal and soft on communism. But his contention that he was under liberal attack was not simply boilerplate paranoia. The DNC was indeed using the FCC s Fairness Doctrine specifically to eliminate right-wing speech


Mclntire felt that the president had betrayed America by trying to withdraw from Vietnam and by opening up relations with Communist China. In 1 972 his anger came to a head when Nixon welcomed the official Ping-Pong team of the People's Republic on American soil. This was a reciprocal gesture, as China had invited the American Ping-Pong team to visit the People's Republic in 1971 . Journalists dubbed the friendly turn of events "Ping-Pong diplomacy." Mclntire sprang into action, citing a New York Times Magazine feature that explained that Chairman Mao had furnished Ping-Pong tables to the masses in 1952 as part of his war against drug use. Mao advised players to "regard a Ping-Pong ball as the head of your capitalist enemy. Hit it with your social- ist bat and you have won the point for the fatherland." Mclntire organized demonstrations against these "slave players," explaining that "there are those in this country who believe the Ping-Pong players are not here for friendship but to further the Communist designs against the United States."35 Mclntire arranged to have Free China's Christian Ping-Pong team come to the United States to play a series of exhibition matches. Nixon rejected Mclntires request that he personally greet the Christian players, and, in pro- test, Mclntire decided to play table tennis in front of the White House and to lead a team of Peking ducks past the gates. The ducks apparently did not pan out, and the U.S. Park Service would not grant a permit to set up a Ping-Pong table. Mclntire was, however, briefly allowed to play on a legless table carried by assistants. This was sufficient, since the point was to provide a great photo op for the press (which obliged) and pick up publicity for his cause (which he did). He even made the best of the Park Service restrictions by announcing, "Ping-Pong diplomacy has lost its legs."36


The New Christian Right - or "conservative evangelicalism" - as represented by forces such as Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, Paul Weyrich, and James Dob- son


Though hardly as major a figure as Goldwater, Mclntire was also a "successful failure" insofar as he served as a negative model for the New Christian Right. He was a "fundamentalist," while they were "modern." In her well-known essay on the mass media's narration of the Scopes trial, Susan Harding argues that "the voices of modernity emplot the opposition between fundamentalist and modern in history, producing a naturalizing nar- rative of the progressive spread of modern ideas, at times lamentably thwarted by outbursts of reactive and reactionary fundamentalist fervor."41 A similar naturalizing narrative underpins the common understanding of Mclntire; he represents an outburst of reactionary fundamentalist fervor, confirming what many liberals already believe about fundamentalists: they are kooks. The New Christian Right - or "conservative evangelicalism" - as represented by forces such as Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, Paul Weyrich, and James Dob- son, has bought into the narrative Harding describes. The narrative enables them to paint their own political endeavors as conservative but not extremist. The fundamentalists at the Scopes trial were represented by outsiders, the mass media that disdained them, but today's Christian Right can control media spin and actually represents itself (when it suits its purposes) as part of the "progres- sive spread of modern ideas." At its peak in the mid-1990s, for example, the Christian Coalitions self-projected image was one above all of averageness. The group's baby-faced leader Ralph Reed appeared on television wearing sitcom- dad sweaters and a big smile. The coalition stood up for average Americans who wanted to express their faith politically, he explained. There was nothing kooky about it. Of course, feminists, AIDS activists, and the ACLU weren't buying this for a second. In fact, the image did not even hold up among many local This content downloaded from 138.16.124.199 on Sat, 16 Oct 2021 14:24:36 UTC All use subject to http God's Angriest Man I 391 branches of the Christian Coalition, where many members saw themselves as radical anti-abortion activists, not friendly moderates.42 If the new nonextremist image was not altogether convincing, it did nonetheless represent a fascinating historical revision. Reed's friendly face of evangelicalism was meant to blot out the embarrassing televangelists of the 1980s. And if politically engaged evangelicals of the 1990s wanted people to forget about Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Bakker, they certainly didn't want them to remember the Christian Right's roots in the extremism embodied by Mclntire


In the past, the working assumption was that the Fair- ness Doctrine protected the speech of nonbroadcasters - citizens whose ideas deserved representation via a precious medium that they could not directly access. That is, Mclntire's one-sided broadcasts against minorities were im- plicitly seen as infringing on those citizens' speech rights; someone on radio had to express their side. In todays climate, it is not listeners but rather Rush Limbaugh and others of his ilk whose speech rights are deemed paramount


https://www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/40068467.pdf?ab_segments=0%252FSYC-6080%252Fcontrol&refreqid=excelsior%3A6d962f3cb2b9c9e1619e9c63d2412383


In his later years, he owned the restaurant Ireland's in Santa Barbara, California. An accomplished chef, he regularly worked in the kitchen and concocted Ireland Stew, combining whatever ingredients were available on a given night. He was also a regular at the restaurant's bar, greeting patrons and buying drinks for friends.[citation needed]
The restaurant failed. In May 1977, Ireland declared bankruptcy.
 What would be sign of faith, I wondered-the test of righteous Christian response to such tragedy? The pastor answered without pause: "If you were planning to watch your favorite football team play this afternoon, be faithful and carry on. If you were planning to go to the malls and shop, be faithful and carry on. Fear not. That's what the enemy wants: to make you afraid, to stop this country, this economy, dead in its tracks. But you be faithful, and through your faith stop the enemy dead in HIS tracks."
(​​Encountering the Other: Evangelicalism and Terrorism in a Post 911 World Author(s): Anthony E. Cook Source: Journal of Law and Religion , 2004 - 2005, Vol. 20, No. 1 (2004 - 2005), pp. 1-30 Published by: Cambridge University Press Stable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/4144682)


​​What distinguishes GlobalXplorer° from these other
efforts is the sheer scale of its program of public engagement,
which has built a community of tens of thousands of users
who have been invited to participate in a collective project
of discovery. User experience has been designed to resemble
a game, with a series of ten levels through which users pro-
gress and (in the case of its first mission in Peru) sequentially
unlock “content about Peru’s archaeology and history.”
Explorers are rewarded with “Google Hangouts, Facebook
Live sessions and personal messages”from the project team
(Parcak 2019, 222–223). After going through a short online
orientation to learn how to identify evidence of looting,
users are provided with individual tiles of high-resolution
imagery and asked to indicate whether they could identify
evidence of looting. After each user has scanned 1000 tiles,
they move on to the next level, in which they learn how to
recognize “illegal construction”or “encroachment”on
archaeological sites—and are once again asked to find evi-
dence of such activity where they see it. Finally, users move
up to a third level, in which they are tasked with identifying
archaeological sites. Since the project’s inauguration in
JOURNAL OF FIELD ARCHAEOLOGY S3
2017, GlobalXplorer°’s community has examined more than
15 million tiles, covering a total of over 100,000 square kilo-
metres (Parcak 2019, 223–224)




 For example, Gupta and col-
leagues (this issue) demonstrate the importance of building
databases with (and in some cases, exclusively for) descen-
dant communities from the ground up in settler colonial con-
texts. The Reciprocal Research Network in British Columbia,
Canada, has employed a collaborative model to develop a
database on over half a million items related to the cultural
heritage of Northwest Coast First Nations (Rowley 2013).
Thom, Colombi, and Degai (2016) have worked with indigen-
ous people in Russia’s Kamchatka Peninsula using Google
Earth and other mapping tools to record and preserve tra-
ditional knowledge, on terms established by elders and
other community members. Dozens of projects employing
the Mukurtu platform have similarly based their work in
local collaborations and employed the nested structures of
access in the Mukurtu CMS to shield culturally sensitive
information from outsiders (Christen 2012; Christen, Merrill,
and Wynne 2017).


Parker VanValkenburgh & J. Andrew Dufton (2020) Big Archaeology:
Horizons and Blindspots, Journal of Field Archaeology, 45:sup1, S1-S7, DOI:
10.1080/00934690.2020.1714307
To link to this article:  https://doi.org/10.1080/00934690.2020.1714307


 6. The fear of increased secularization of post-World War I German society was a major factor in the largely conservative and anti-republican (pro-monarchial) Protestant pastorate being largely supportive of the Nazis in the 1932 election. Victoria Barnett, For the Soul of the People: Protestant Protest Against Hitler 23 (Oxford U. Press 1992) (citing German church historian: Klaus Scholder, Die Kirche und das Dritte Reich, Band 1: Vorgeschichte und Zeit der Illusion, 1918-1934, at 25 (Stuttgart 1972) (reporting that the prevailing attitude of the Protestant pastorate was that the Weimar Constitution was "godless" and that it was a "state without principles"); Shelly Baranowski, The Confessing Church, Conservative Elites, and the Nazi State 20-21 (Edwin Mellen Press 1986) (Protestant pastors refer to socialism, liberalism, and democracy as "godless").
7. Eberhard Bethge, student and biographer of Dietrich Bonhoeffer, remembers that the common spirit of many Protestant German pastors was to say, "yes to a foreign policy of might, no to a domestic policy of emancipation, in the name of faith." Barnett, supra n. 5, at 15. Since communism promoted the state ownership of corporate wealth and was seen as a godless, secular ideology, capitalism was accepted as society's savior from secular communism. Of course, this binary orientation, positing communism as evil and capitalism as good, helped to clear the way for the fascist partnership of corporate and state power in post WWI Germany. The consistency and cohesiveness of the political alliance between the Christian Right and the Corporate Right in our own time demonstrates the relevance of examining the political beliefs of contemporary pastors against the backdrop of international history and the nexus between pastoral political views and church support of morally undesirable political outcomes. This alliance between religion and corporate power, in its current iteration in America, reaches back to the publishing of a series of conservative articles in The Fundamentals: A Testimony to the Truth edited by R.A. Torrey and fully published in 4 volumes in 1917. That text, largely regarded as the literary spark of the fundamentalist movement, was commissioned by two wealthy California oil men in order to defend conservative Protestantism from modernism and liberalism. Dictionary of Christianity in America 1180-1181 (Daniel C. Reid ed., Intervarsity Pre


helps to think of the prosperity gospel movement in terms of the early history of rock 'n' roll:
Norman Vincent Peale would be the movement's Hank Williams. Rev. Ike is its Little Richard. Benny Hinn is its Bo Diddley. Robert Schuller is Chuck Berry. Ernest Angley is Chubby Checker. Jim Bakker is Buddy Holly. Jimmy Swaggart is Jerry Lee Lewis and Joel Osteen is Elvis. Creflo Dollar, Rev. Ike's most slavish imitator, is either Jackie Wilson or James Brown
https://old.post-gazette.com/pg/09216/988400-153.stm


https://lithub.com/remembering-mark-baumer-barefoot-walker-poet-climate-activist-friend/


Over the course of the next three years, a team of assistants watched hundreds and hundreds of films, grinding through videocassettes. “My assistants had an account at the store, renting all these VHS films. We instructed them on how to ‘rip’ the part. Some assistants didn’t last very long, because they just didn’t get it. There was one guy who just kept on bringing me clips of horror movies, people getting decapitated. He had me really worried.”


How about the wee small hours stretch that runs from midnight to daybreak? It’s the most mysterious and almost hidden part of The Clock, the section most people won’t get to see. “Everything up to midnight was pretty easy,” says Marclay. “And of course midnight is a highlight. Then there are people going out, it’s two or three in the morning – and people commit crimes at that time. But four or five is very hard. At five, the baker gets up, the street cleaner gets up. But between, in that weird hour – you’re not going to rob a bank at 4am. But just before we wake up is the time when we dream a lot. There’s a lot of dreams in cinema.”


https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2018/sep/10/christian-marclay-the-clock-tate-modern-london


Advances in satellite monitoring, along with voluntary reporting, have revealed that about 150 × 109 cubic meters (5.3 × 1012 cubic feet) of associated gas have been flared globally each year since at least the mid 1990s until 2020.[13] In 2011, that was equivalent to about 25 percent of the annual natural gas consumption in the United States or about 30 per cent of the annual gas consumption in the European Union.[7]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gas_flare
https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/new-brunswick/7-500-songbirds-killed-at-canaport-gas-plant-in-saint-john-1.1857615


 As the writer knows, the problem is not to attain a state of knowledge but to try to restore your ignorance in order to have a motive to keep going




https://doi.org/10.2307/j.ctv18kc0nd.16


Offering insight into Adler's conversion, Myers quotes him from a subsequent 1990 article in Christianity magazine: "My chief reason for choosing Christianity was because the mysteries were incomprehensible. What's the point of revelation if we could figure it out ourselves? If it were wholly comprehensible, then it would just be another philosophy."
wikipedia: mortimer adler




se. A number of young people nowadays, as one can readily understand, feel that 'modern' ideals and programmes, a very mixed bag of them, have worked out so badly that the traditional ones may be better; but how badly those used to work out too seems to have been successfully kept hidden.


I am still rather ill-adjusted to the change of atmosphere. Lecturing at Government universities in the Fat, East, which means firmly nonmissionary ones, was not likely to prepare me for it; I gathered that those of my students who became interested in Paradise Lost, though too polite to express their opinion to me quite directly, thought "Well, if they worship such a monstrously wicked God as all that, no wonder th_at they themselves are so monstrously wicked as we have traditionally found them."


He is struggling to make his God appear less wicked, as he tells us he will at the start (1. 25), and does succeed in making him noticeably less wicked than the traditional Christian one; though, after all his efforts, owing to his loyalty to the sacred text and the penetration with which he makes its story real to us, his modern critics still feel, in a puzzled way, that there is something badly wrong about it all. That this searching goes on in Paradise Lost, I submit, is the chief source of its fascination and poignancy; and to realize that it is going on makes the poem feel much better , at many po


I I think itlioi-r10Ie and wonderful; rregard it as like Aztec J or Benin sculpture, or to come nearer home the novels of Kafka, and am rather suspicious of any critic who claims 1 not to feel anything so obvious. Hence I also expect that i most of the attackers would find their minds at rest if they / took one step further and adopted the manly and appreciative attitude of Blake_ and Shelley, who said that the reason why the poem is so good is that ,it m;ikes Gqq. so bad.


With most authors one cannot date the entries in a slowly accumulated notebook, but a blind man has to use a secretary, whose handwriting and dates of work can sometimes be ascertained. Sewell's results I understand are generally accepted, and they show that Milton.was actuallypuzzl_inghis he_ad about revising 16 ·, CRITICS ·' his theology while he was writing his epic. He probably ·7,ecime art A:rian in the course of composition,. and the reason why there is hardly anything about Satan in an otherwise complete theological survey is presumably that he cancelled that part after writing the poetry for Satan.


T. S. Eliot presum- . ably felt, as many modern Christians do, that he wished people wouldn't mention these nasty old myths, and that they wouldn't if they were more civilized Christians. But such an evasive attitude can become very unpleasant; when leading Christians make these tacit rejections, the 25 ,. MILTON'S GOD simpler brethren are likely to be deceived into thinking that some wrong belief is still accepted, so that they continue to act on it, with very bad effects perhaps; yet more, once the leader has started on the horrible process of connivance, he is liable to act much worse than the simpler brethren would have done. But this does not apply to Mr Eliot; a discussion about an aesthetic preference is eminently the place where the mysterious processes of accommodation should first be tried out, and he decided later, when the controversy had become plainly theological, that he was committed to accepting Milton as a Christian poet. H




Empson, Milton’s God, Critics,


For by the close of Paradise Lost, Adam and Eve had become so real in Milton's imagination that they began to crack open the whole theological apparatus that brought them into being.
()


Inviting difference and dissent is precisely what Milton's writings do, so to that extent this kind of criticism is anticipated in his work. The fact is that Milton is both theistic and post-theistic, monotheistic and polyglot-all of these positions at once. For many, this is precisely the condition of our modernity. We can see things through satanic eyes and be inspired by the Holy Spirit.
(Is Milton Better Than Shakespeare, 182)


-  Inscribed on dust jacket by Sidney Robertson Cowell: "The occasional barks serve to immortalize a lady named Toots, a fine police dog who made the trip down the Yukon as a young dog--two thousand miles in an open boat. She is occasionally loaned to me as camp guardian on field trips. She became a familiar figure in Columbia, Groveland, and Big Oak Flat and was referred to once: 'That's the lady-about-the-old-songs' (songses) dog." The song is version of "The Drunkard's child" by J. W. Ferrell.
https://www.loc.gov/item/2017655315/


If pure reason and justice have not, hitherto, ruled the world, this has been the case only because men have not rightly understood them. What was wanted was the individual man of genius, who has now arisen and who understands the truth. That he has now arisen, that the truth has now been clearly understood, is not an inevitable event, following of necessity in the chains of historical development, but a mere happy accident. He might just as well have been born 500 years earlier, and might then have spared humanity 500 years of error, strife, and suffering.
https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1880/soc-utop/ch01.htm


"Capitalism", he wrote in 1995, "developed spontaneously and organically from the spread of commerce. Nobody planned it, and it did not need an all-embracing ideology, whereas socialism was an ideological construction. Ultimately, capitalism is human nature at work - that is, man's greed allowed to follow its course - whereas socialism is an attempt to institutionalize and enforce fraternity. It seems obvious by now that a society in which greed is the main motivation of human action, for all of its repugnant and deplorable aspects, is incomparably better than a society based on compulsory brotherhood, whether in national or international socialism."
And perhaps this was his secret, and the explanation of the way in which he "got away with it" - that he never entered the foreground of others' judgment as a dangerous opponent, but always as a sceptical friend. No alarm-bells sounded when he began his gentle arguments; and even if, at the end of them, nothing remained of the subversive orthodoxies, nobody felt damaged in their ego or defeated in their life's project, by arguments which from any other source would have inspired the greatest indignation.
https://www.opendemocracy.net/en/leszek-kolakowski-thinker-for-our-time-0/




The cia, after all, is nothing more than the secret police of American capitalism, plugging up leaks in the political dam night and day so that shareholders of US companies operating in poor countries can continue enjoying the rip-off.
                                        PHILIP AGEE | ex-cia agent, 1975




Kennan, George F. (1948) 1983. “Review of Current Trends [in] U.S. Foreign Policy.”
Policy Planning Study 23. In  e State Department Policy Planning Sta  Papers
1947–1949, 2:103–34. New York: Garland.




While enrolled in a spycra lock-picking class, former British mi5 counterintelligence agent Peter Wright encountered a massive cellar room with thousands of keys, me- ticulously cataloged and arranged on walls. His instructor told the class that mi5 made it a practice to secretly collect key imprints “of o ces, hotels, or pri- vate houses . . . all over Britain.” e instructor’s explanation for the collection was simply that “you never know when you might need a key again” (Wright 1988: 51).
In  e File (1998), Timothy Garton Ash described the East German intelligence agency, Stassi’s, massive collection of personal items (including un- derwear and other articles of clothing) that might be of use at some unknown future date if Stassi needed to use tracking dogs to locate the owner of the stolen item.  ese items were processed and placed in plastic bags, then sorted and stored in Stassi’s immense, e cient archival  ling system for unknown future uses. Edward Snowden’s more recent disclosures of rampant National Security Agency (nsa) electronic monitoring establish that the agency collected previ- ously unfathomable amounts of data on billions of people on the assumption the information might be of use at some future date (Greenwald 2014; Price 2013c).
establishing increased congressional oversight of the cia through the Hughes-Ryan Act of 1974
Stern’s revelations led mainstream media outlets to investigate the cia’s use of funding fronts to in ltrate domestic organizations (see Newsweek 1967). Pub- lic concerns led President Johnson to appoint Under Secretary of State Nicho- las Katzenbach to lead a commission investigating cia programs that stood to “endanger the integrity and independence of the educational community.” But with Director of Central Intelligence (dci) Richard Helms on the committee, there was little chance of uncovering anything that the agency did not want made public, and even less chance that the committee would recommend crim- inal trials for cia employees violating the agency’s charter limiting its domestic activities. President Johnson later received political payback for appointing a committee supporting the status quo; “having ‘saved’ the Agency, he demanded its loyalty on the Vietnam issue. His demand produced further cosmetic exer- cises, including an attempt to discredit political protest against the war and the suppression of dissent within the cia” (Jefreys-Jones 1989: 156). But even as the Katzenbach Commission downplayed cia criminal wrongdoing, it con rmed widespread cia in ltration of domestic political organizations and revealed that the agency covertly funded the publication of more than a thousand books for academic and general audiences, as well as magazines like Encounter and Partisan Review (Wilford 2008; U.S. Senate 1976: 189).
On March 8, 1971, a small group of activists broke in to the fbi Field Station in Media, Pennsylvania, and stole records documenting the fbi’s illegal Counter Intelligence Program (cointelpro), which harassed and spied on le ist po- litical groups (see Medsger 2014).  ese records established how groups rang- ing from the American Indian Movement to the Black Panthers were in l- trated, harassed, and at times encouraged to engage in illegal activities by the fbi
e report, known as “ e Family Jewels,” was a 693-page compilation of por- tions of memos and  les that provided a detailed account of the cia’s illegal activities. “ e Family Jewels” described the agency’s involvement in extensive illegal domestic intelligence operations including broad surveillance of U.S. news reporters and American political dissidents (including compiling almost 10,000 pages of  les on anti–Vietnam War protesters); break-ins at homes of defectors, former cia employees, and cia critics; forging of id documents; and kidnappings and assassination plots against state leaders (Fidel Castro, Patrice Lumumba, and Rafael Trujillo).
A few weeks later, in an “off-the-record” meeting with the New York Times editorial board, President Ford raised concerns that congressional investigations could unearth the existence of cia’s assassination programs.
 The Times did not report on the cia’s assassination program.
The Rockefeller Commission established that the CIA had read more than 2.3 million pieces of American mail in its Soviet mail monitoring program; indexed 7 million individual names (under Operation CHAOS) (Rockefeller 1975: 24–34, 41); and used the Agency for International Development and an un- named American university to run a CIA counterinsurgency “training school for foreign police and security officers” in the United States, which also “sold small amounts of licensed  firearms and police equipment to the foreign officers and their departments” (39). Despite the report’s admonitions that the CIA should not repeat these illegal and inadvisable acts, no one at the agency was arrested, and no concrete forms of oversight were forthcoming as a result of the Rockefeller report.
Price, Cold War Anthropology,

Church Committee Report
(1) preparing leaflets designed to discredit student demonstrators, using photographs of New Left leadership at the respective universities. "Naturally, the most obnoxious pictures should be used"; (2) instigating "personal conflicts or animosities" between New Left leaders; (3) creating the impression that leaders are "informants for the Bureau or other law enforcement agencies"; (4) sending articles from student newspapers or the "underground press" which show the depravity of the New Left to university officials, donors, legislators, and parents. "Articles showing advocation of the use of narcotics and free sex are ideal"; (5) having members arrested on marijuana charges; (6) sending anonymous letters about a student's activities to parents, neighbors, and the parents' employers. "This could have the effect of forcing the parents to take action"; (7) sending anonymous letters or leaflets describing the "activities and associations" of New Left faculty members and graduate assistants to university officials, legislators, Boards of Regents, and the press. "These letters should be signed 'A Concerned Alumni,' or 'A Concerned Taxpayer'"; (8) using "cooperative press contacts" to emphasize that the "disruptive elements" constitute a "minority" of the students. "The press should demand an immediate referendum on the issue in question"; (9) exploiting the "hostility" among the SDS and other New Left groups toward the SWP, YSA., and Progressive Labor Party; (10) using "friendly news media" and law enforcement officials to disrupt New Left coffeehouses near military bases which are attempting to "influence members of the Armed Forces", (11) using cartoons, photographs, and anonymous letters to "ridicule" the New Left; and (12) using "misinformation" to "confuse and disrupt" New Left activities, such as by notifying members that events have been cancelled.o


The breadth of targeting springs partly from a lack of definition for the categories involved, and partly from the Bureau's belief that dissident speech and association should be prevented because they were incipient steps toward the possible ultimate commission of an act which might be criminal[d].

(*Katc: Cho, unfortunate1y, was disconnected from the world last year.)


-Prompted by the Bay of Pigs losses, the complex was created in 1962 to provide death and disability benefits to agents and beneficiaries when security considerations preclude attribution to the United States Government. Lawrence Houston, retired General Counsel of the Agency, testified that his office established the insuranceinvestment complex, because his staff was responsible for all problems related to the death or disability of employees during the course of their Agency work. These problems were all handled in what Houston called a very "sketchy way" which he felt was undesirable from all points of view. When the Agency went into air proprietaries on a large scale, additional risks arose which simply could not be underwritten commercially. So somewhere in the late 1950s or around 1960, I think I was the one that posed that we might organize our own insurance entities. 6 A single event served as the catalyst for the establishment of the complex. Houston recalled in latter testimony that the event that brought it into focus was the death of four airmen in the Bay of Pigs. These men were not supposed to have engaged in the fighting and were training on the mainland, but when the Cubans were either exhausted or unable to fly anymore, they pitched in, went over the beach, and were shot down. "Ibid. 'Escrow accounts are established when an agent cannot receive his full payment from the CIA without attracting suspicion. The funds not paid to the agent go into escrow accounts and are invested under the complex. "Lawrence Houston testimony, 1/15/76, p. 61. We heard of this for the first time the next morning and Allen Dulles called me over and said, you'll have to make some provision for the families of those four fliers .... Through [an ad hoc] mechanism we paid benefits to the family for a considerable length of time until we were able to turn it over to the Bureau of Employees Compensation. This was a very makeshift arrangement, and so based on that I came to the conclusion that we needed a much more formal and flexible instrument. And so after long consideration within the Agency we acquired the first two insurance entities which had been in being before and then we flushed them out a little bit." Thus, the formation of this entity represented the "culmination of experience" in this support area, according to Houston. Although the complex originally operated under the Domestic Operations Division, a special board of directors later assumed control of the proprietaries and their investments. In July 1973 control of the complex was transferred to the Commercial and Cover Staff.
The more serious issue, however, is the question of the confidentiality of the relationships among members of the clergy and their congregations. Of the recent relationships, the most damaging would appear to be that of a U.S. priest serving the CIA as an informant on student and reli'ious dissidence


The Patman disclosures led the CIA to take a hard look at this technique of funding, but not to reconsider the propriety of bringing the independence of America's foundations into question by using them as conduits for the funding of covert action projects. According to the Chief of the Covert Action Staff's Program and Evaluation Group: The real lesson of the Patman Flap is not that we need to get out of the business of using foundation cover for funding, but that we need to get at it more professionally and extensively.


At the same time the Agency was withdrawing from support of a large number of domestically-based organizations, it moved rapidly to shelter certain high-priority operations from the Katzenbach prohibitions and to devise more secure funding mechanisms. This process was facilitated by what was termed "surge funding." The Katzenbach guidelines called for termination of CIA funding of domestically based U.S. organizations by December 31, 1967. With 303 Committee approval for the largest grants, the Agency "surge funded" a number of organizations, giving them advances before the December deadline which carried them in some cases for up to two years of operations. Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty were so funded.
In reviewing the CIA's adjustments to the Katzenbach Committee's recommendations, the Committee found no violations of the policy the report sets forth. However, it is important to recognize how narrow the focus of the Katzenbach Committee's concern was. The problem was approached by the committee and by the CIA essentially as one of security: how to limit the damage caused by the revelations of CIA relationships with private U.S. institutions. Many of the restrictions developed by the CIA in response to the events of 1967 appear to be security measures aimed at preventing further public disclosures which could jeopardize sensitive CIA operations. They did not represent significant rethinking of where boundaries ought to be drawn in a free society.


The CIA relationships with the academic community are extensive and serve many purposes, including providing leads and making introductions for intelligence purposes, collaboration in research and analysis, intelligence collection abroad, and preparation of books and other propaganda materials.


The Central Intelligence Agency is now using several hundred American academics 11, 'who in addition to providing leads and, on n "Academics" includes administrators, faculty members and graduate students engaged in teaching. occasion, making introductions for intelligence purposes, occasionally write books and other material to be used for propaganda purposes abroad. Beyond these, an additional few score are used in an unwitting mfanner for minor activities. These academics are located in over 100 American colleges, universities, and related institutes. At the majority of institutions, no one other than the individual concerned is aware of the CIA link. At the others, at least one university official is aware of the operational use made of academics on his campus. In addition, there are several American academics abroad 'who serve operational purposes, primarily the collection of intelligence.2
 A book about a student from a developing country who had studied in a communist country "was developed by [two area divisions of the CIA] and produced by the Domestic Operations Division ... 'and has had a high impact in the U.S. as well as the [foreign area] market." The book, which was published by the European outlet of a U.S. publishing house, was published in condensed form in two major U.S. magazines. Eric Severeid, the CBS political commentator, in reviewing this book, spoke a larger truth than he knew when he sug- gested that "our propaganda services could do worse than to flood [foreign] university towns with this volume."
 Another CIA book, the Penkovskiy Papers, was published in the United States in 1965 "for operational reasons", but actually became commercially viable. The book was prepared -and written by witting Agency assets who drew on actual case materials. Publi- cation rights to the manuscript were sold to a publisher through a trust fund which was established for the purpose. The publisher was unaware of any U.S. Government interest.


(Church Report, Book I)


?uestlove was struck in particular by Jay Dee's organic-seeming drum programming, rhythmically quantized while still possessing a deceptively loose and loping feel, which the Roots drummer described to Rolling Stone as "musically drunk and sober at the same time."
https://pitchfork.com/features/article/7830-got-til-its-gone-the-legacy-of-j-dilla/


This  finding of consistent executive branch cia oversight was the crucial  nding of the Pike Report. It showed how presidents, through the nsc, the Forty Committee, and at times directly through dcis, used the cia as a covert tool of executive branch policy. As former career cia agent Ralph McGehee later wrote, “My view backed by 25 years of experience is, quite sim- ply, that the cia is the covert action arm of the Presidency” (1983: xi).  e Pike Report concluded that “all evidence in hand suggests that the cia, far from being out of control, has been utterly responsive to the instructions of the Presi- dent and the Assistant to the President for National Security Afairs. It must be remembered, however that the cia director determines which cia-initiated co- vert action projects are su ciently ‘politically sensitive’ to require Presidential attention” (Pike Report 1977: 189).


It has always been much easier (because it has always seemed much safer) to give a name to the evil without than to locate the terror within. And yet, the terror within isfar truer and far more powerful than any of our labels: the labels change, the terror is constant. And this terror has something to do with that irreducible gap between the self one invents-the self one takes oneself as being, which is, however and by definition, a provisionalself-and the undiscoverable self which always has the power to blow the provisionalselfto bits. Itis perfectly possible-indeed, it isfar from uncommon-to go to bed one night, or wake up one morning, or simply walk through a door one has known all one's life, and discover, between inhaling and exhaling, that the self one has sewn together with such effort is all dirty rags, is unusable, is gone: and out of what raw material will one build a self again? The lives of men-and, therefore, of nations-to an extent literally unimaginable, depend on how vividly this question lives in the mind. It is a question which can paralyze the mind, of course; but if the question does not live in the mind, then one is simply condemned to eternal youth, which is a synonym for corruption.


Some rare days, often in the winter, when New York is cheerfully immobilized by snow-cheerfully, because the snow gives people an excuse to talk to each other, and they need, God help us, an excuse-or sometimes when the frozen New York spring is approaching, I walk out of my house toward no particular destination, and watch the faces that pass me. Where do they come from? how did they become-these faces-so cruel and so sterile? they are related to whom? they are related to what? They do not relate to the buildings, 3 Baldwin: Nothing Personal Published by ScholarWorks@UMass Amherst, 1983 52 James Baldwin certainly-no human being could; I suspect, in fact, that many of us live with the carefully suppressed terror that these buildings are about to crash down on us; the nature ofthe movement ofthe people in the streets is certainly very close to panic. You will search in vain for lovers. I have not heard anyone singing in the streets of New York for more than twenty years. By singing, I mean singing forjoy, for the hell ofit. I don't mean the drunken, lonely, 4-AM keening which is simply the sound of some poor soul trying to vomit up his anguish and gagging on it. Where the people can sing, the poet can live-and it is worth saying it the other way around, too: where the poet can sing, the people can live. When a civilization treats its poets with the disdain with which we treat ours, it cannot be far from disaster; it cannot be far from the slaughter ofthe innocents. Everyone is rushing, God knows where, and everyone is looking for God knows what-but it is clear that no one is happy here, and that something has been lost. Only, sometimes, uptown, along the river, perhaps, I've sometimes watched strangers here, here for a day or a week or a month, or newly transplanted, watched a boy and a girl, or a boy and a boy, or a man and a woman, or a man and a child, or a woman and a child; yes, there was something recognizable, something to which the soul responded, something to make one smile, even to make one weep with exultation. They were yet distinguishable from the concrete and the steel. One felt that one might approach them without freezing to death.


For one thing, talking to Americans is usually extremely uphill work. We are afraid to reveal ourselves because we trust ourselves so little. American attitudes are appalling, but so are the attitudes of most of the people in the world. What is stultifying here is that the attitude is presented as the person; one is expected to justify the attitude in order to reassure the person-whom, alas, one has yet to meet, who is light-years away, in some dreadful, private labyrinth. And in this labyrinth the person is desper5 Baldwin: Nothing Personal Published by ScholarWorks@UMass Amherst, 1983 54 James Baldwin ately trying not to find out what he really feels. Therefore, the truth cannot be told, even about one's attitudes: we live by lies. And not only, for example, about race-whatever, by this time, in this country, or, indeed, in the world, this word may mean-but about our very natures. The lie has penetrated to our most private moments, and the most secret chambers of our hearts.


But we are unbelievably ignorant concerning what goes on in our countryto say nothing of what goes on in the rest of the world-and appear to have become too timid to question what we are told. Ourfailure to trust one another deeply enough to be able to talk to one another has become so great that people with these questions in their hearts do not speak them; our opulence is so pervasive that people who are afraid to lose whatever they think they have persuade themselves ofthe truth ofa lie, and help disseminate it; and God help the innocent here, that man or woman who simply wants to love, and be loved. Unless this would-be lover is able to replace his or her backbone with a steel rod, he orshe is doomed. This is no place for love. I know that I am now expected to make a bow in the direction ofthose millions of unremarked, happy marriages all over America, but I am unable honestly to do so because I find nothing whatever in our moral and social climate-and I am now thinking particularly of the state of our children-to bear witness to their existence. I suspect that when we refer to these happy and so marvelously invisible people, we are simply being nostalgic concerning the happy, simple, God-fearing life which we imagine ourselves once to have lived. In any case, wherever love is found, it unfailingly makes itself felt in the individual, the personal authority of the individual. Judged by this standard, we are a loveless nation. The best that can be said is that some of us are struggling. And what we are struggling against is that death in the heart which leads not only to the shedding of blood, but which reduces human beings to corpses while they live. Four AM can be a devastating hour.


Four AM can be a devastating hour. The day, no matter what kind of day it was, is indisputably over; almost instantaneously, a new day begins: and how will one bear it? Probably no better than one bore the day that is ending, possibly not as well. Moreover, a day is coming which one will not recall, that last day of one's life, and on that day one will oneself become as irrecoverable as all the days that have passed.


https://scholarworks.umass.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1042&context=cibs




The modern nation is but a product and tool of the capitalist system of production; it grows with that system, not only in power, but also in extent. The domestic market is the safest for the capitalist class of every country. It is the easiest to maintain and to exploit. In proportion as the capitalist system develops, so also grows the pressure on the part of the capitalist class in every nation for an extension of its political boundaries. The statesman who maintained that modern wars are no longer manifestations of dynastic, but of national, aspirations was not far from the truth, provided one understands by national aspirations the aspirations of the capitalist class. Nothing so much injures the vital interests of the capitalists of any nation as a reduction of their territory. The capitalist class of France would long ago have pardoned Germany the $1,250,000,000 which she demanded as an indemnity for the war of 1870, but can never pardon the annexation of Alsace-Lorraine.


All modern nations feel the necessity of extending their boundaries. This is easiest for the United States, which will soon actually control all America, and for England, which is enabled by its sea power to expand the extent of its colonies without interruption. Russia also enjoyed at one time great advantages in this respect, but the limits of her aggrandizement seem to have been reached; she is bounded on all sides by nations which resist her advancement. Worst off are the nations of continental Europe in this respect; they, as well as others, require territorial expansion, but they are so closely hemmed in by one another that none can grow except at the expense of some other. The colonial policy of these states affords inadequate relief to the need of expansion caused by their capitalist system of production. This situation is the most powerful cause of the militarism which has turned Europe into a military camp. There are but two ways out of this intolerable state of things: either a gigantic war that shall destroy some of the existing European states, or the union of them all in a federation.


Socialists are frequently reproached with having no fixed aims, with being able to do nothing but criticize and with not knowing what to put in place of that which they would overthrow. Nevertheless, the fact remains that none of the existing parties has so well-marked and clear an aim as the Socialist Party. It may, indeed, be questioned whether the other political parties have any aims at all. They all hold to the existing order, although they all see that it is untenable and unendurable. Their programs contain nothing except a few little patches by which they hope and promise to make the untenable, tenable and the unendurable, endurable.


Not until the age of capitalist production was reached did social evolution proceed at such a pace that men became conscious of it. Of course they first looked for the causes of this evolution on the surface. But one who sticks to the surface can see only the forces which determine the immediate course of progress, and these are not the changing conditions of production, but the changing ideas of men.


The philosophers who first endeavored to investigate the causes of social development thought they found them in the ideas of men. To a certain degree they recognized that these ideas sprang from material wants; but the fact still remained a secret to them that these wants changed from age to age, and that the changes were the results of alterations in economic conditions, that is, in the system of production. They started with the notion that the wants of man – “human nature” – were unchangeable. Hence they could see but one “true,” “natural,” “just” social system, because only one could correspond to the “true nature of man.” All other social forms they pronounced the result of mental aberrations which came about only because mankind did not realize sooner what they needed; human judgment, it was thought, had been befogged, either, as some imagined, on account of the natural stupidity of man, or, as others maintained, on account of the willful machinations of kings or priests. Looked at from such a standpoint the development of society appears to be the result of a development of thought. The wiser men are, the quicker they are to discover the social forms that suit human nature, the juster and better does society become.


These statements are not mere fancies; socialists have demonstrated them with the actual facts of our system of production. These facts are more eloquent and convincing than the most brilliant pictures of the future order could be. The best that such pictures can do is to show that the socialist commonwealth is not impossible. But they are bound to be defective; they can never cover all the details of social life; they will always leave some loophole through which an enemy can insinuate an objection. That, however, which is shown to be inevitable is thereby shown, not only to be possible, but to be the only thing possible. If indeed the socialist commonwealth were an impossibility, then mankind would be cut off from all further economic development. In that event modern society would decay, as did the Roman empire nearly two thousand years ago, and finally relapse into barbarism.


In the course of the nineteenth century a great revolution took place, not only in the economic world, but also in men’s minds. Insight into the causes of social development has increased tremendously. As far back as the forties Marx and Engels showed – and from that time on every step in social science has proved it – that, in the last analysis, the history of mankind is determined, not by ideas, but by an economic development which progresses irresistibly, obedient to certain underlying laws and not to anyone’s wishes or whims. In the foregoing chapters we have seen how it goes on; how it brings about new forms of production which require new forms of society; how it starts new wants among men which compel them to reflect upon their social condition, and to devise means whereby to adjust society to the new system in accordance with which production is carried on. For, we must always remember, this process of adjustment does not proceed of itself; it needs the aid of the human brain. Without thought, without ideas, there is no progress. But ideas are only the means to social development; the first impulse does not proceed from them, as was formerly believed, and as many still think; the first impulse comes from economic conditions.


sketching plans for the future social state is about as rational as writing in advance the history of the next war.


The most ideal, the most philosophic race that history has yet known, the only society of thinkers and artists devoted to science and art for their own sakes, was the Athenian aristocracy, the slave-holding landlords of Athens.


Economic development has advanced since those days. The division of labor has reached a point undreamt of, and the system of production for sale has driven many of the former exploiters and people of culture into the class of producers. Like the mechanics and farmers, the rich also are wholly taken up with their business. They do not now assemble in gymnasiums and academies, but in stock exchanges and markets. The speculations in which they are absorbed do not concern questions of truth and justice, but the prices of wool and whiskey, bonds and coupons. These are the speculations that consume their mental energies. After this “labor” they have neither strength nor taste for any but the most commonplace amusements.


On the other hand, as far as the cultured classes are concerned, their education has become a merchandise. They, too, have neither time nor inclination for disinterested search for truth, for striving after the ideal. Each buries himself in his specialty and considers every moment lost which is spent in learning anything which cannot be turned into money. Hence the movement to abolish Greek and Latin from the secondary schools. Whatever the pedagogic grounds may be for this movement, the teal reason is the desire to have the youth taught only what is “useful,” that is, what can be turned into money. Even among scientific men and artists the instinct after a harmonious development is perceptibly losing ground. On all sides specialists are springing up. Science and art are degraded to the level of a trade. What Socrates said of ancient handicraft now holds good of these pursuits. The philosophic way of looking at things is on the decline – that is, within the classes here considered.


The second result is that he is driven to revolt against excessive hours of work. To him labor is not identical with life; life commences only when labor is at an end. For working-men to whom labor and life were identical, freedom of labor meant freedom of life. The workingman, who lives only when he does not work, can enjoy a free life only by being free from labor. As a matter of course, the efforts of this class of workers cannot be directed to freeing themselves from all labor. Labor is the condition of life. But their efforts will necessarily be directed toward reducing their hours of labor far enough to leave them time to live.




 Karl Kautsky, Class Struggle (https://www.marxists.org/archive/kautsky/1892/erfurt/ch04.htm)


Otto Neurath - Ch. 14 - Socialist Utility - Economic Writings


https://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/30/technology/facebook-tinkers-with-users-emotions-in-news-feed-experiment-stirring-outcry.html
In an academic paper published in conjunction with two university researchers, the company reported that, for one week in January 2012, it had altered the number of positive and negative posts in the news feeds of 689,003 randomly selected users to see what effect the changes had on the tone of the posts the recipients then wrote.
Although academic protocols generally call for getting people’s consent before psychological research is conducted on them, Facebook didn’t ask for explicit permission from those it selected for the experiment. It argued that its 1.28 billion monthly users gave blanket consent to the company’s research as a condition of using the service.
—-
It was in 2002, Zubo argues, that everything changed. This was the year that Google discovered what she calls “behavioral surplus”—forms of data useful for something other than improving products and services. In Google’s case, the purpose was to generate its first profitable business model: the sale of behavior- ally targeted ads.35 Google’s profits today are almost exclusively from such ad- vertising36 and the market it has constructed to sell these ads is mind-boggling.
It is by generalizing from Google’s trajectory that Zubo derives her defini- tions of surveillance capitalism. In this new mode, people are not users whom companies seek to serve but “objects from which raw materials are extracted and expropriated.”
“If Google is a search company, why is it investing in smart-home devices, wearables, and self-driving cars? If Facebook is a social network, why is it devel- oping drones and augmented reality?”41 In fact, she argues, they are driven “to hunt and capture raw material,” and the key move today is off the internet. She quotes Google’s former CEO, Eric Schmidt:
The internet will disappear. There will be so many IP addresses . . . so many devices, sensors, things that you are wearing, things that you are interacting with, that you won’t even sense it. It will be part of your presence all the time. Imagine you walk into a room and the room is dynamic.
Here, for example, is the CEO of an “emotion scanning” firm: “[I]n the future, we’ll as- sume that every device just knows how to read your emotions.”61
technologies of the present facilitate a new paradigm of private power—one that appropriates our data for profit, dom- inated by a few companies that create significant new threats to our autonomy.
Modern tools of surveillance and prediction are being deployed against a background of material, embedded inequality; and some of the most devastating human implications will not be for suburban teenagers lost in an Instagram cloud but for the disabled cut off  from support by automated programs and for the accused caught up in flawed bail algorithms
Peter Waldman et al., Palantir Knows Everything About You, BLOOMBERG (Apr. 19, 2018), https://www.bloomberg.com/features/2018-palantir-peter-thiel [https://perma.cc/Q2U2 -LW3A].
This idea of market autonomy—indeed, the very idea of a separate realm called “the economy”—is rooted in a series of powerful conceptual distinctions that were encoded in legal systems as capitalism emerged. One is the distinction between “private” and “public” realms, the former denoting the realm of the “economy” and the latter of “politics.”111 In legal orders, these distinctions are encoded in rules that construct distinct realms of private power (for example, through rules of property and contract) and a separate, insulated realm of state or public power.112
The realist critique helped bring about an end to laissez-faire as a reigning constitutional ideology, but the division between politics and the economy has reappeared in new guises. This is not, in fact, surprising, given the centrality of the idea of a distinct “economy” that follows its own rules to capitalist order. As colleagues and I describe in a forthcoming Yale Law Journal Feature, the intellec- tual tradition of law and economics has helped to reconstruct the distinction on new normative terrain.120 In laissez-faire, the mandate of noninterference was described as an expression of natural-law principles of liberty, rooted in concep- tions of the divine. The realists showed that modern markets are shot through with the coercive power of the state and that the legitimate use of the state— whether through enforcement of market rules or others—required “some nor- mative theory of what forms of coercive constraints society wished to prohibit and what forms to allow.”121 Law and economics reconstructed the poli- tics/economy distinction through precisely such a normative theory—the appeal to “efficiency.”
Efficiency here is described as a virtue because it provides a technical, neutral means to improve wealth in the economic sector, which (it is posited) can be later redistributed to address other normative goals, such as fairness.122 E - ciency in this rubric is typically defined through the “Kaldor-Hicks” criteria, rec- ommending any action that would increase overall consumer and producer sur- plus, so that in theory the winner could compensate the loser.
Cohen’s object of study is “informational capitalism.”132 Capitalism, here, “‘is oriented toward profit-maximizing, that is, toward increasing the amount of surplus appropriated by capital on the basis of the private control over the means of production and circulation,’ while informationalism ‘is oriented . . . toward the accumulation of knowledge and towards higher levels of complexity in in- formation processing.’”133 She advocates for this organizing concept over nar- rower formulations such as surveillance capitalism because it trains our focus on “the underlying transformative importance of the sociotechnical shi  to infor- mationalism as a mode of development.”134 She owes the formulation to Manuel Castells and his influential book, The Rise of the Network Society.135 How much surplus the capitalist mode of production produces, Castells argues, depends on productivity levels, which in turn respond to “modes of development”—mean- ing “the technological arrangements through which labor works on matter.”136 In di erent eras, di erent modes of development have prevailed: in the agricul- tural era, most important was the use of land and labor.137 In the industrial era, productivity gains were centrally keyed to the uses and distribution of new en- ergy sources.138 In our informational mode of development, “the source of productivity lies in the technology of knowledge generation, information pro- cessing, and symbol communication.”139 It is thus “the action of knowledge upon knowledge itself [that is] the main source of productivity.”140


1468 “The Law of Informational Capitalism,” Amy Kapcynski, Yale Law Review
Manuel Castells has been one of the first intellectuals to grasp the internet and its associated developments within a broader social theory. In his magnum opus The Information Age (1996, 1997, 2000) Castells presents his concept of the network society: a new emerging society that is connected by ubiquitous information and communication technologies (ICTs). Driven by these ICTs, Castells observes the formation of a new kind of capitalism that he calls “global informational capitalism”, or in short “informationalism”. This new system is characterized by the processing of knowledge and information through technologies. Networks constitute a pivotal element of this new socio-economic arrangement and represent the organizational logic of society. Networks are defined as “a set of interconnected nodes” that follow very adaptable, open-ended and decentralized structures (Castells, 1996, p. 470).


While in former times, individuals such as the entrepreneur, or collectives such as social classes, have been the efficacious economic actors, it is now networks that shape society foremost. Financial markets, companies, the media, political, cultural or other institutions are bound to the “networking logic”.
“(D)ominant functions are organized in networks pertaining to a space of flows that links them up around the world, while fragmenting subordinate functions, and people, in the multiple space of places, made of locales increasingly segregated and disconnected from each other” (ibid., p. 476).
Cultural codes, value, and power are produced and decided in a “meta-network” that “increasingly appears to most people as a meta-social disorder”. It is experienced as a “random sequence of events” following an “uncontrollable logic”, which changes human experience fundamentally (ibid., p. 477).
Opposing to essentially abstract and instrumental networks, identity serves as the main source of meaning for individuals in the prevailing order. Castells notes that “societies are increasingly structured around the bipolar opposition of the Net and the Self” (ibid., p. 3). Identity is resulting from tensions between these two poles.
The “power of flows takes precedence over the flows of power” (Castells, 1996, p. 469)
Castells argues that so called switchers, who in fact connect the networks “are the privileged instruments of power” and become “the fundamental sources in shaping, guiding and misguiding society”. The switchers hold real power in a system of inter-operating networks (ibid., p. 471). The ability to constitute, program and reprogram networks is another means to exercise power over others. Switchers and programmers are not constituted by single individuals or groups though, but of a network of decentralized, interconnected social actors. Power is therefore exercised in “a complex set of joint action” (Castells, 2009, p. 45). On a governmental level, this means that the nation-state has lost its ability to control the processes of cultural, economic, and social change. The network state emerges, who has to arrange itself with supranational institutions, multinational corporations, financial markets and other actors.
The emergence of the network society has been enabled by the pervasive implementation of ICTs. The new technologies took a key part in the restructuring of capitalism towards a global economy in the 1980s (Castells, 1996). The growth crisis of the economy in the 1970s was solved by opening up new markets of production and consumption on a global scale. Improved communication capabilities played a crucial factor. But another precondition for a global economy was the increased mobility of capital realized through financial deregulation. The rise of global informational capitalism was therefore enabled but not caused by new ICTs.
The “networked firm” can adapt better to the growing insecurities imposed by global, unclear markets. The spread of Japanese management techniques, lean and just-in-time production with their increased labor flexibility due to outsourcing and subcontracting are parts of this restructuring process. What was vertically and hierarchically organized before, is now replaced by a flexible, less-standardized networking logic.
….However, at the same time, the automation and outsourcing of manufacturing is taking place, which leads to a divide between “upgraded” information work and “downgraded” precarious jobs (ibid., p. 251).
….Global informational capitalism is, therefore, “characterized by a tendency towards increased social inequality and polarization” (Castells, 2000, p. 380). The global division of labor is producing winners that are highly skilled information workers, and losers that are downgraded service and informal workers, or even unemployed and thus, structurally excluded populations. These marginalized people are found in excluded regions, such as large parts of Africa, but also within developed countries, e.g. in ghettos.


​​https://www.hiig.de/en/revisiting-castells-network-society/


Castells defines the concepts as follows: "The material arrangements that allow for simultaneity of social practices without territorial contiguity. It is not purely electronic space...It is made up first of all of a technological infrastructure of information systems, telecommunications, and transportation lines" (Castells, Manuel (2000): Grassrooting the Space of Flows, hg. von. James O. Wheeler, Yuko Aoyama und Barney Warf, London: Routledge, p.19).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_of_flows



Aims of life vary with each and every individual; and the more society is civilized, the more will individuality be developed, and the more will desires be varied.
And as all men do not and cannot resemble one another (the variety of tastes and needs is the chief guarantee of human progress) there will always be, and it is desirable that there should always be, men and women whose desire will go beyond those of ordinary individuals in some particular direction.
In our present, poor capitalistic society, the man who has artistic needs cannot satisfy them unless he is heir to a large fortune, or by dint of hard work appropriates to himself an intellectual capital which will enable him to take up a liberal profession. Still he cherishes the hopeof some day satisfying his tastes more of less, and for this reason he reproaches the idealist Communist societies with having the material life of each individual as their sole aim.--"In your communal stores you may perhaps have bread for all," he says to us, "but you will not have beautiful pictures, optical instruments, luxurious furniture, artistic jewelry--in short, the many things that minister to the infinite variety of human tastes. And in this way you suppress the possibility of obtaining anything besides the bread and meat which the commune can offer to all, and the grey linen in which all your lady citizens will be dressed."


http://dwardmac.pitzer.edu/Anarchist_Archives/kropotkin/conquest/ch9.html

The proletariat seizes political power and turns the means of production into State property.


But, in doing this, it abolishes itself as proletariat, abolishes all class distinction and class antagonisms, abolishes also the State as State. Society, thus far, based upon class antagonisms, had need of the State. That is, of an organization of the particular class which was, pro tempore, the exploiting class, an organization for the purpose of preventing any interference from without with the existing conditions of production, and, therefore, especially, for the purpose of forcibly keeping the exploited classes in the condition of oppression corresponding with the given mode of production (slavery, serfdom, wage-labor). The State was the official representative of society as a whole; the gathering of it together into a visible embodiment.


When, at last, it becomes the real representative of the whole of society, it renders itself unnecessary. As soon as there is no longer any social class to be held in subjection; as soon as class rule, and the individual struggle for existence based upon our present anarchy in production, with the collisions and excesses arising from these, are removed, nothing more remains to be repressed, and a special repressive force, a State, is no longer necessary.
The first act by virtue of which the State really constitutes itself the representative of the whole of society — the taking possession of the means of production in the name of society — this is, at the same time, its last independent act as a State. State interference in social relations becomes, in one domain after another, superfluous, and then dies out of itself; the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things, and by the conduct of processes of production. The State is not "abolished". It dies out. This gives the measure of the value of the phrase: "a free State", both as to its justifiable use at times by agitators, and as to its ultimate scientific insufficiency; and also of the demands of the so-called anarchists for the abolition of the State out of hand.




Who can say for sure that the deprivation which afflicts him with hunger is more painful than the deprivation which afflicts him with envy of his neighbor’s new car?


Consumer wants can have bizarre, frivolous, or even immoral origins, and an admirable case can still be made for a society that seeks to satisfy them. But the case cannot stand if it is the process of satisfying wants that creates the wants. For then the individual who urges the importance of production to satisfy these wants is precisely in the position of the onlooker who applauds the efforts of the squirrel to keep abreast of the wheel that is propelled by his own efforts.




Yet there is a certain solitude like no other - that of the man preparing his meal in public on a wall, or on the hood of his car, or along a fence, alone. You see that all the time here. It is the saddest sight in the world. Sadder than destitution, sadder than the beggar is the man who eats alone in public. Nothing more contradicts the laws of man or beast, for animals always do each other the honour of sharing or disputing each other’s food. He who eats alone is dead (but not he who drinks alone. Why is this?).
Jaen Baudrillard, America (1986)[edit]


The discourse of truth is quite simply impossible. It eludes itself. Everything eludes itself, everything scoffs at its own truth, seduction renders everything elusive. The fury to unveil the truth, to get at the naked truth, the one which haunts all discourses of interpretation, the obscene rage to uncover the secret, is proportionate to the impossibility of ever achieving this. …But this rage, this fury, only bears witness to the eternity of seduction and to the impossibility of mastering it. (p. 73)
The Ecstasy of Communication (1987)


Forgetting extermination is part of extermination, because it is also the extermination of memory, of history, of the social, etc. This forgetting is as essential as the event in any case unlocatable by us, inaccessible to us in its truth. This forgetting is still too dangerous, it must be effaced by an artificial memory (today, everywhere, it is artificial memories that effect the memory of man, that efface man in his own memory). This artificial memory will be the restaging of extermination - but late, much too late for it to be able to make real waves and profoundly disturb something, and especially, especially through medium that is itself cold, radiating forgetfulness, deterrence, and extermination in a still more systematic way, if that is possible, than the camps themselves.
Simulacra and Simulation (1981)


Nothing is wholly obvious without becoming enigmatic. Reality itself is too obvious to be true.
The Perfect Crime (1993)


The simulacrum now hides, not the truth, but the fact that there is none, that is to say, the continuation of Nothingness.
Radical Thought (1994)


To challenge and to cope with this paradoxical state of things, we need a paradoxical way of thinking; since the world drifts into delirium, we must adopt a delirious point of view. We must no longer assume any principle of truth, of causality, or any discursive norm. Instead, we must grant both the poetic singularity of events and the radical uncertainty of events. It is not easy. We usually think that holding to the protocols of experimentation and verification is the most difficult thing. But in fact the most difficult thing is to renounce the truth and the possibility of verification, to remain as long as possible on the enigmatic, ambivalent, and reversible side of thought.
The Vital Illusion (2000) "The Murder of the Real". Wellek Library Lectures given May 1999 at the University of California, Irvine


It is important to recognize that when we speak of house- work we are not speaking of a job as other jobs, but we are speaking of one of the most pervasive manipulations, most subtle and mystified forms of violence that capital- ism has perpetrated against any section of the working class.


In the same way as god created Eve to give pleasure to Adam, so did capital create the housewife to service the male worker physically, emotionally and sexually – to raise his children, mend his socks, patch up his ego when it is crushed by the work and the social rela- tions (which are relations of loneliness) that capital has reserved for him.


To say that we want wages for housework is to expose the fact that housework is already money for capital, that capital has made and makes money out of our cooking, smiling, fucking. At the same time, it shows that we have cooked, smiled, fucked throughout the years not because it was easier for us than for anybody else, but because we did not have any other choice. Our faces have become distorted from so much smiling, our feelings have got lost from so much loving, our over-sexualization has left us completely desexualized.


We want to call work what is work so that eventually we might rediscover what is love and create what will be our sexual- ity which we have never known. And from the viewpoint of work we can ask not one wage but many wages, because we have been forced into many jobs at once. We are house- maids, prostitutes, nurses, shrinks; this is the essence of the ‘heroic’ spouse who is celebrated on ‘Mother’s Day’. We say: stop celebrating our exploitation, our supposed heroism. From now on we want money for each moment of it, so that we can refuse some of it and eventually all of it.


As is often said – when the needs of the waged labour market require her presence there – A woman can do any job without losing her femininity,’ which simply means that no matter what you do you are still a cunt.


Silvia Federico, Wages Against Housework


The works of art of the ‘great boredom’ offered the opportunity to undergo something di cult, and there would come a point when they would have been ‘lived through’. The paradox was to offer the audience an achievement that was one of passivity. This would reveal something about an essential passivity, perhaps even a ‘passivity more passive than the passivity of activity’, as the philosopher Levinas put it.16 This passivity would not be a defective form of activity, with the latter given priority. It would have implications for the relation to oneself, to the world and to the other. Is it not this passivity that is occluded in the transition from the ‘great boredom’ to totalised distraction?


The necessity of wasting time has not changed. Indeed, it is even more urgent because of the total colonisation of time. Pretty much all our time has been rendered productive, although mostly not for us. This has been achieved through the monetisation of attention, made possible by the digital and the internet, social media and the development of smartphones, which lure attention during down moments, the times when in the past we might have been bored. Apparently, at one point, Candy Crush largely replaced the reading of novels on public transport.24 Now, no doubt, some other game transports commuters elsewhere. This ‘wasted time’ has been rendered productive for the global corporate economy, so we have to look somewhere else to  nd a waste that cannot be economised, if such a thing is even possible, according to the paradox of the potlatch identi ed by Bataille, that of turning waste itself into an acquisition.25


It is here that we might turn to the relation between boredom and bliss posited by Roland Barthes. We see this when, in the middle of an interminable meeting during the notorious trip to China by French intellectuals that led to the Maoist turn of the Parisian left, he is attracted by tea leaves unfolding in a cup.26 This is not a great boredom, but a mundane boredom, and the bliss, which he describes as an excess of the signi er, is a small bliss, and not a great fusion: a tiny moment of ecstatic waste in the midst of an instrumentalised administered world.






ather as outside of the work–leisure duality (which is also where we might want to situate boredom)
This wasteland seems to have been entirely gentrified today, converted into value. Wasting time has been made productive, just, as I said, not for us. More and more of the day has become wasted time where our attention is harvested. It is another form of expropriation. The problem we face is how to claim back our wasted time without instrumentalising it, without turning it into labour. A task for education, perhaps, not providing ‘job skills’ and preparing for lucrative employment but teaching the art of wasting time.
        Being bored would therefore be a refusal to be absorbed by the recurrent new, for the sake of that which is awaited on the basis of interruption rather than the continuum of historicism. Boredom is in this respect a ‘great boredom’ because it is tied to – is the very mood of – the standpoint of redemption. Boredom is ‘the dream bird that hatches the egg of experience’, writes Benjamin, and, he adds, ‘A rustling in the leaves drives him away.’38
Benjamin and Heidegger’s accounts of boredom share a totalising operation, and it is arguably this that characterises the ‘great’ boredom.


‘Semiocapitalism’ – consuming the signs of consumption; boring because it’s an abstraction of real consumer experience, supposedly universal


So long as the matter or substance of life, or at least aspects of it, remain un-totalised, not abstracted for the extraction of value, boredom can lead somewhere that is not boring.

The paradoxical shock value of art that’s boring – almost an endurance challenge


With the emergence of ‘semiocapitalism’ during the 1980s in what has become the ‘global North’ we see a shift from a ‘Fordist’ boredom, linked to repetitive and tedious labour and statist and corporate bureaucracy, to a new kind of all-pervasive boredom involving a general exhaustion and emptying out of significance.
The phase after this is described by Mark Fisher as ‘anhedonic boredom’ and he gives the example of Kurt Cobain and Nirvana: ‘In his dreadful lassitude and objectless rage, Cobain seemed to give wearied voice to the despondency of the generation that had come after history, whose every move was anticipated, tracked, bought and sold before it had even happened.


The expansion of abstraction and commodi cation into leisure and home life began to happen in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, picked up after the depression in the 1930s and accelerated during the post-war period, increasingly from the 1960s with the development of the advertising industry which – from at least the 1890s – lay behind this penetration of capital into consumption and the colonisation of private life. Distraction o ers itself as the solution to boredom, inevitably becoming boring itself.


We appear to be in a moment when the abstract (as formal relations of capitalist value extraction) has been allowed, as Finelli puts it, ‘to invade the concrete’77 with the result that everything becomes simultaneously attention-grabbing and boring, not in the ‘great’ sense of a duration endured for some kind of illumination, but with an endless, indefinite, low-level hum.


As the boredom of precarious labour that leads nowhere becomes more pervasive, boredom as an aesthetic stance comes to seem self-indulgent. What is in question is not stretching my time, but freeing the time of others, and that there be time at all.


The long stretches of lockdown have created new occasions for boredom, and also made explicit that the different kinds of boredom reflect social inequality, as they have done in the past, when the ennui of the monied is not the same as boredom with repetitive work. Generative boredom, if such can still occur, is the privilege of those who have the time and space for it.


The Long and Short of It: On Boredom (114)


Based on these notions, boredom has been portrayed as an unpleasant but ultimately functional emotion as it informs people of the mundaneness of their current circumstances and motivates people to escape from it in the pursuit of more worthwhile activity (e.g., Elpidorou, 2014, 2018a, 2018b, 2020; see also Bench & Lench, 2013, 2019; Van Tilburg & Igou, 2011, 2017a).


In accordance with research on meaning-regulation (e.g., Heine et al., 2006), boredom promotes the use of symbolic (i.e., cultural) sources of meaning as compensation for meaninglessness, such as favouring one’s in-group and derogating an out-group (Van Tilburg & Igou, 2011), inspiring pro-social tendencies (Van Tilburg & Igou, 2017b), engaging in nostalgic reverie (Van Tilburg et al., 2013), affirming one’s own political ideologies (Van Tilburg & Igou, 2016) and affirmation of heroes (Coughlan et al., 2019). Meaning systems such as religion can also serve as a buffer against boredom experiences (Van Tilburg, Igou, Maher, Moynihan, & Martin , 2019).


Defences against the meaninglessness of boredom are not limited to engagement with sources of meaning, however. An alternative form of defence is based on one principle course of action in motivation and self-regulation: avoidance (e.g., Folkman et al., 1986) and the avoidance of unpleasant thoughts and feelings in particular (e.g., Baumeister, 1991). In social psychology literature, Wisman (2006) proposed the defence of “losing the self” by engaging in behaviours that prevent adverse self-awareness (Baumeister, 1988, 1990, 1991). By doing so, people can reduce awareness of a threat to meaning in life as an alternative to affirming worldviews or bolstering the self to deal with meaninglessness. According to this existential escape hypothesis, people may also use behaviours not specific to culture but that are more evolutionarily and developmentally more basic (e.g., eating, drinking, sex, anonymity in groups) to deal with existential anxieties. Wisman calls these behaviours presymbolic as people can enact them with little involvement of the symbolic capacities needed in the more advanced cultural world. Typically, hedonic and some interpersonal behaviours function as presymbolic resources.


https://journals-sagepub-com.revproxy.brown.edu/doi/full/10.1177/01461672221079104


Music fans had to wait 23 years for Pixies to bring out an album after Trompe le Monde, and while it only received modest reviews in the music press, snail fans were euphoric. And the reason for this? Track 6, Silver Snail. Never before had the graceful ennui of a gastropod’s existence been so elegantly summarised. Many in the snail community now agree that the song is a seminal piece in the history of snail music, and is popular with both snail collectors and mere enthusiasts alike.


https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/J1y1vyNcTlCsfp7CmQTz03/seven-of-the-worlds-most-famous-snails?


Too many people get old too early…I see them shuffling around. Guys who have had bad knees for 20 years. Well, powerlifters don’t have that. I’ve never had shoulder problems. I’ve never had elbow problems. I haven’t had any serious aches and pains for years. Except for this knee. My left knee. I had it operated on a couple years ago”.
I guess I feel sorry for other people my age because they don’t know that feeling of a challenge. Maybe they never have. Or never will again. That’s for sure”.
A lot of people my age go to the gym and they work out and they play around on the treadmills. But it’s not the same as putting 400-500lbs over your face and lowering it to your chest and trying to push it. It’s not the same. It’s not the same level. It’s not the same intensity.
I think too many people get old too early. They get ahead of their time and powerlifters
don’t have that. It keeps us young. You can tell when you interact with a person. You
can tell whether someone is old. They have old attitudes.
“We did the Worlds in 1995. I say ‘we’ because my whole family got dragged into it. My husband was working full-time. We had three kids. We had to sit down and talk about it as a family and I had to make sure the kids understood that if I do this then family comes second and powerlifting comes first until it’s over”. 54 The World Championships was hosted in Tokyo, Japan, and affording this International travel was still prohibitive: “We had to fundraise. I had neighbors throwing garage sales. I had pubs throwing comedy nights for us. I couldn’t believe the support we got. There is no way we could have afforded Tokyo other than the fundraising that was happening”.
“Some people are droolers and others are dreamers. If you got a dream, and it’s large in your heart, you have to answer the call. You can’t just say “well, I can’t do it”. I think most people think that they aren’t capable of doing stuff like this at our age. They are not capable of pursuing these dreams of being an athlete. Well, why the hell not? If you’re not sick, if your joints are good, and you have the energy and passion, then jump in. Most people I find that are sedentary or semi-sedentary think that their time has passed, and they don’t have the right to dream like that or chase those dreams. Well, absolutely they do. You’re dead a lot longer than you’re alive, so don’t waste it”.


Moreover, the sustained use of Instagram has been conceptualized as both private and public archives. Pybus (2015, p. 239) considers the nature of these archives as an ‘important space of interpretation and contestation that has the power to make meaning through its ability to privilege certain discourse over others’. As a repository exceeding 80 million daily photos, further investigation is warranted into the meaning-making practices underpinning the curation of user-generated content (Alhabash & Ma, 2017).
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/epub/10.1080/01490400.2021.1945982?needAccess=true
Marx promises, "the secret of profit-making" will be exposed (280).


The fact is that this wealth is collectively not individually produced, despite the persistence of an older economic imaginary that links individual production directly to consumption.5 Indeed, as Postone observes, "on a deep, systemic level, production is not for the sake of consumption" (1996, 184). The relationship may appear direct and incontrovertible, but it is in fact highly mediated: the goal of neither party in the work relation is consumption; one seeks surplus value, and the other income
http://libcom.org/files/the-problem-with-work_-feminism-marxism-kathi-weeks.pdf


ROSALIND, as Ganymede Nay, an you be so tardy,
come no more in my sight. I had as lief be wooed of
a snail.
ORLANDO Of a snail?
ROSALIND, as Ganymede Ay, of a snail, for though he
comes slowly, he carries his house on his head—a
better jointure, I think, than you make a woman.
Besides, he brings his destiny with him.
ORLANDO What’s that?
ROSALIND, as Ganymede Why, horns, which such as
you are fain to be beholding to your wives for. But
he comes armed in his fortune and prevents the
slander of his wife.
ORLANDO Virtue is no hornmaker, and my Rosalind is
virtuous.


ORLANDO Then love me, Rosalind.
ROSALIND, as Ganymede Yes, faith, will I, Fridays and
Saturdays and all.


ORLANDO O, but she is wise.
ROSALIND, as Ganymede Or else she could not have
the wit to do this. The wiser, the waywarder. Make
the doors upon a woman’s wit, and it will out at the
casement. Shut that, and ’twill out at the keyhole.
Stop that, ’twill fly with the smoke out at the
chimney.


ROSALIND O coz, coz, coz, my pretty little coz, that thou
didst know how many fathom deep I am in love. But
it cannot be sounded; my affection hath an
unknown bottom, like the Bay of Portugal.


As You LIke It, Act 4 Scene 1


ROSALIND, as Ganymede Why, then, tomorrow I cannot
serve your turn for Rosalind?
ORLANDO I can live no longer by thinking.
 Act 5, Scene 2


DUKE SENIOR
Dost thou believe, Orlando, that the boy
Can do all this that he hath promisèd?
ORLANDO
I sometimes do believe and sometimes do not,
As those that fear they hope, and know they fear.


JAQUES There is sure another flood toward, and these
couples are coming to the ark. Here comes a pair of
very strange beasts, which in all tongues are called
fools.


Act 5, Scene 4


The  two-day weekend, for example, emerged spontaneously from workers’ predilection for drinking  and  spending  an  extra  day  recovering  rather  than  working.58  The  weekend’s  eventual  consolidation  as  a  recognised  and  bounded  period  of  time  off  was  the  product  of  sustained  political  struggles  (a  process  that  was  not  completed  in  the  Western  world  until  the  1970s).59




In  a  classic  statement,  Paul  Lafargue  argued  for  limiting  work  to  just  three
hours a day.63 Keynes famously argued for the same outcome, calculating that
by 2030 we would all be working fi fteen-hour working weeks – though it is
less  well  known  that  he  was  simply  verbalising  what  were  the  broadly  held
beliefs  of  the  time.64  And  Marx  made  the  shortening  of  the  working  week
central to his entire postcapitalist vision, arguing that it represented a ‘basic
prerequisite’ to reaching ‘the realm of freedom’.65
But  such  visions  of  a  three-hour  work  day  have  disappeared.  The  near
century-long push for shorter working hours ended abruptly during the Great
Depression,  when  business  opinion  and  government  policy  decided  to  use
make-work  programmes  in  response  to  unemployment.66  Soon  after  World
War II, the working week stabilised at forty hours across much of the Western
world, and there has since been little serious consideration of changing this.6


These  demands  mean  that  the  average  full-time  US worker in fact logs closer to forty-seven hours a week.71


Whether for a religious or secular goal, suffering
is  thought  to  constitute  a  necessary  rite  of  passage.  People  must  endure
through work before they can receive wages, they must prove their worthiness
before  the  eyes  of  capital.  This  thinking  has  an  obvious  theological  basis  –  where  suffering  is  thought  to  be  not  only  meaningful,  but  in  fact  the  very condition of meaning. A life without suffering is seen as frivolous and mean-ingless. This position must be rejected as a holdover from a now-transcended stage  of  human  history.  The  drive  to  make  suffering  meaningful  may  have  had some functional logic in times when poverty, illness and starvation were necessary  features  of  existence.  But  we  should  reject  this  logic  today  and
recognise that we have moved beyond the need to ground meaning in suffer-
ing. Work, and the suffering that accompanies it, should not be glorifi ed


The Postwork Vision - Sznircek and Williams .


“Far from creating and subsidizing unrest,” Howe observed, “capitalism in its most recent stage has found an honored place for the intellectuals; and the intellectuals, far from thinking of themselves as a desperate ‘opposition,’ have been enjoying a return to the bosom of the nation.”


“A triumphalist narrative of progress and the pursuit of perfection is given a darker coloration by a sense of unease and a search for the sources of that unease in some sinister other. The tabooed, subterranean history of civilization, or at least its American version, turns out to be exactly as the social philosopher Herbert Marcuse described it in 1959, the return of the repressed. “Our history has moved on two rivers,” Norman Mailer wrote in his collection of essays, The Presidential Papers (1963), “one visible, the other underground; there has been the history of politics, which is concrete, practical …, and there is the subterranean river of untapped, ferocious, lonely and romantic desires, that combination of fantasy and violence which is the dream life of the nation.”3”


Excerpt From
A History of American Poetry
Gray, Richard
This material may be protected by copyright.




Rukeyser was one of the great integrators, seeing the fragmentary world of modernity not as irretrievably broken, but in need of societal and emotional repair.


— Adrienne Rich, Essays on Art in Society, A Human Eye

The Project Gutenberg eBook of Ten Thousand Wonderful Things

This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Ten Thousand Wonderful Things

Editor: E. F. King

Release date: May 31, 2014 [eBook #45849]

Language: English

Credits: Produced by Chris Curnow, Christian Boissonnas and the
        Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net
        (This file was produced from images generously made
        available by The Internet Archive)


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK TEN THOUSAND WONDERFUL THINGS ***




Produced by Chris Curnow, Christian Boissonnas and the
Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net
(This file was produced from images generously made
available by The Internet Archive)









  TEN THOUSAND
  WONDERFUL THINGS

  COMPRISING

  WHATEVER IS MARVELLOUS AND RARE, CURIOUS
  ECCENTRIC AND EXTRAORDINARY

  IN ALL AGES AND NATIONS

  ENRICHED WITH

  _HUNDREDS OF AUTHENTIC ILLUSTRATIONS_

  EDITED BY

  EDMUND FILLINGHAM KING, M.A.

  LONDON
  GEORGE ROUTLEDGE AND SONS, LIMITED

  BROADWAY, LUDGATE HILL
  MANCHESTER AND NEW YORK

  1894




STANDARD WORKS OF REFERENCE.

_UNIFORM WITH THIS VOLUME._


LEMPRIÈRE'S CLASSICAL DICTIONARY.

WALKER'S RHYMING DICTIONARY.

MACKAY'S THOUSAND AND ONE GEMS OF ENGLISH POETRY.

D'ISRAELI'S CURIOSITIES OF LITERATURE.

BARTLETT'S FAMILIAR QUOTATIONS.

CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE.

THE FAMILY DOCTOR.




PREFACE.


A BOOK OF WONDERS requires but a brief introduction. Our title-page
tells its own tale and forms the best exposition of the contents of the
volume.

Everything that is marvellous carries with it much that is instructive,
and, in this sense, "Ten Thousand Wonderful Things," may be made useful
for the highest educational purposes. Events which happen in the
regular course have no claim to a place in any work that professes to
be a register of what is uncommon; and were we to select such Wonders
only as are capable of familiar demonstration, we should destroy their
right to be deemed wondrous, and, at the same time, defeat the very
object which we profess to have in view. A marvel once explained away
ceases to be a marvel. For this reason, while rejecting everything that
is obviously fictitious and untrue, we have not hesitated to insert
many incidents which appear at first sight to be wholly incredible.

In the present work, interesting Scenes from Nature, Curiosities
of Art, Costume and Customs of a bygone period rather predominate;
but we have devoted many of its pages to descriptions of remarkable
Occurrences, beautiful Landscapes, stupendous Water-falls, and sublime
Sea-pieces. It is true that some of our illustrations may not be
beautiful according to the sense in which the word is generally used;
but they are all the more curious and characteristic, as well as
truthful, on that account; for whatever is lost of beauty, is gained by
accuracy. What is odd or quaint, strange or startling, rarely possesses
much claim to the picturesque and refined. Scrape the rust off an
antique coin, and, while you make it look more shining, you invariably
render it worthless in the eyes of a collector. To polish up a fact
which derives its value either from the strangeness of its nature, or
from the quaintness of its narration, is like the obliterating process
of scrubbing up a painting by one of the old masters. It looks all the
cleaner for the operation, but, the chances are, it is spoilt as a work
of art.

We trust it is needless to say that we have closed our pages against
everything that can be considered objectionable in its tendency; and,
while every statement in this volume has been culled with conscientious
care from authentic, although not generally accessible, sources, we
have scrupulously rejected every line that could give offence, and
endeavoured, in accordance with what we profess in our title-page, to
amuse by the eccentric, to startle by the unexpected, and to astonish
by the marvellous.




INDEX TO ENGRAVINGS


                                                              PAGE

  ABYSSINIAN ARMS,                                             509

  ---- LADIES,                                                 492

  ---- ORNAMENTS OF,                                           493

  ---- LADY TATTOOED,                                          496

  ALTAR-PIECE OF SAN MINIATO,                                  601

  AMULET WORN BY EGYPTIAN FEMALES,                             452

  AMULET BROTCHE,                                              332

  ANCIENT METHOD OF KEEPING A WASHING ACCOUNT,                   3

  ---- NUT-CRACKERS,                                           236

  ---- SNUFF-BOXES,                                            210

  ANGLO-SAXONS, SEPULCHRAL BARROW OF THE,                       27

  APTERYX, THE, OR WINGLESS BIRD,                              308

  ARCH, A BEAUTIFUL, IN CANNISTOWN CHURCH,                     433

  ---- OF TRAJAN AT BENEVENTUM,                                445

  ARCHITECTURE FOR EARTHQUAKES,                                324

  ARMLET, AN ANCIENT,                                          425

  ARMOUR, ANCIENT, CURIOUS PIECE OF,                           341

  ASH, THE SHREW,                                              397

  AZTEC CHILDREN, THE,                                          37


  BAGPIPES,                                                    505

  BANDOLIERS,                                                  560

  BANNERS AND STANDARDS, ANCIENT,                         584, 585

  BASTILLE, STORMING OF THE,                                   195

  BEAU BRUMMELL (A), OF THE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY,                61

  BECTIVE ABBEY,                                               392

  BEDESMEN IN THE TIME OF HENRY VII,                           593

  BELLOWS, A PRIMITIVE PAIR OF,                                637

  BELL SHRINE, AN ANCIENT,                                     348

  ---- OF SAINT MURA,                                          412

  BIBLE USED BY CHARLES I. ON THE SCAFFOLD,                    271

  BILLY IN THE SALT BOX,                                       181

  BLACKFRIARS, PARIS GARDEN AT,                                465

  BLIND GRANNY,                                                 70

  ---- JACK,                                                    23

  BOAT, A BURMESE,                                             668

  BOOK-SHAPED WATCH,                                           328

  BRACELET, A MAGICIAN'S,                                      345

  BRAMA, THE HINDOO DEITY,                                     556

  BRANK, THE,                                                    2

  BRASS MEDAL OF OUR SAVIOUR,                                  241

  BRITANNIA TUBULAR BRIDGE,                                    173

  BROOCH, ANCIENT SCANDINAVIAN,                                401

  BRICKS OF BABYLON,                                           613

  BRIDGE OVER THE THAMES, THE FIRST,                           428

  ---- A CHINESE,                                              440

  ---- CROMWELL'S, AT GLENGARIFF,                              648

  BUCKINGER, MATTHEW,                                           53

  BUCKLER OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY, WITH PISTOL INSERTED,       30

  BUNYAN'S (JOHN) TOMB,                                        157

  BURMESE PRIEST PREACHING,                                    266

  BUST, AN ANCIENT ETRURIAN,                                   677


  CAMDEN CUP, THE,                                             250

  CANDLESTICK, A REMARKABLE, IN FAYENCE,                       592

  ---- OF MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS,                                436

  CARFAX CONDUIT,                                              333

  CARRIAGE, A TURKISH,                                         656

  CASCADE DES PELERINES,                                       135

  CATACOMBS AT ROME,                                            87

  CAVE, PORT COON,                                             516

  ---- THE TIGER, AT CUTTACK,                                  361

  CHAIR BROUGHT OVER TO AMERICA BY THE PILGRIM FATHERS,        186

  ---- DAGOBERT'S, ANCIENT,                                    421

  ---- HENRY VIII.'S,                                          488

  ---- THE DUCHESS OF LAUDERDALE'S,                            401

  CHAPTER-HOUSE, A, IN THE TIME OF HENRY VII.,                 600

  CHARLEMAGNE, CROWN OF,                                       377

  CHIEFTAIN, ANCIENT SCOTTISH,                                 500

  CHINESE METHOD OF FISHING,                                   316

  ---- PUNISHMENT OF THE KANG, OR WOODEN COLLAR,               134

  CHRISTMAS, PROCLAIMING THE NON-OBSERVANCE OF,                 19

  CISTERN OF MAJOLICA WARE,                                    597

  COFFEE POT, IN STONEWARE, A CURIOUS,                         649

  COIN, THE FIRST, WITH BRITANNIA ON IT,                       468

  COLLARS, ANCIENT STONE,                                      665

  COLUMN AT CUSSI,                                             533

  COMB, A CURIOUS INDIAN,                                      657

  CORAL REEFS,                                                  74

  CORPSE BEARER DURING THE PLAGUE,                             284

  COSTUMES, ANCIENT,       18, 71, 78, 86, 212, 213, 220, 296, 297

  ---- GERMAN, OF THE 16TH CENTURY,                            548

  COSTUME, FOREIGN, IN 1492,                                   543

  ---- OF A GERMAN NOBLE,                                      536

  COUTEAU-DE-CHASSE,                                           633

  CRADLE OF MOSS,                                              325

  ---- HENRY V.,                                               416

  CROSBY, SIR JOHN, HELMET OF,                                 520

  CROSS OF CONG,                                               457

  ---- MUIREDACH,                                              369

  CUCKING STOOL,                                                 1

  CUPID OF THE HINDOOS, THE,                                   552

  CURFEW BELL, THE,                                             33

  CURIOUS FIGURES ON A SMALL SHRINE,                           203


  DAGGER OF RAOUL DE COURCY,                                   263

  ---- AN ANCIENT,                                             673

  DAGOBERT, ANCIENT CHAIR OF,                                  421

  DANCING NATIVES OF NEW SOUTH WALES,                          225

  DARNEY (JENNY), A HARMLESS ECCENTRIC OF THE YEAR 1790,       187

  DERVISHES DANCING,                                           669

  DIAL AND FOUNTAIN IN LEADENHALL STREET,                      553

  DINNER PARTY IN THE 17TH CENTURY,                            609

  ---- TABLE, AN EGYPTIAN,                                     537

  DIOGENES IN A PITHOS--NOT TUB,                               524

  DOG-WHEEL, THE OLD,                                          101

  DRINKING CUP, A CURIOUSLY SHAPED,                            413

  ---- EARLY GERMAN,                                           460

  ---- VESSEL, A DECORATIVE,                                   336

  ---- GLASS, ANCIENT,                                         153

  DROPPING WELL OF KNARESBOROUGH,                              143

  DRUID'S SEAT, THE,                                           464

  DUCK-BILLED PLATYPUS, OR ORNITHORYNCHUS PARADOXUS,           273

  DYAK WITH HEADS, SKULL HOUSE, AND HOUSE OF SEA DYAKS,   276, 277

  ---- WAR BOAT IN BORNEO,                                     540

  DYAKS OF BORNEO, WAR DANCE OF THE,                           541


  EAST INDIA HOUSE, THE FIRST,                                 206

  EDDYSTONE LIGHTHOUSE,                                        109

  EGYPTIAN TOYS IN THE BRITISH MUSEUM,                         130

  EMBROIDERED GLOVE, PRESENTED BY MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTLAND,
    TO AN ATTENDANT ON THE MORNING OF HER EXECUTION,           263

  EXTRAORDINARY CATARACT,                                      224

  ---- SITUATION FOR A TREE,                                   313

  ---- TREE,                                                   183


  FASHIONABLE DISFIGUREMENT OF THE TIME OF CHARLES I.,         213

  FAWKES HALL, OLD MANOR HOUSE OF,                             380

  FETE OF THE FEDERATION OF THE NATIONAL GUARDS OF
    FRANCE, 1790,                                              289

  FIGG (JAMES), THE CHAMPION PRIZE-FIGHTER OF 1733,            113

  FISH, SHOOTING,                                              432

  FISHERMAN, BULGARIAN,                                        497

  FLOATING CITY OF BANKOK,                                     309

  FONT AT KILCARN, THE,                                        417

  FRENCH ASSIGNATS, FAC-SIMILE OF THE FORMS IN WHICH THEY
        WERE ISSUED TO THE PUBLIC,                             254

  FULLERTON'S (COLONEL) DEVICE FOR PASSING A MOUNTAIN TORRENT, 194

  FUNEREAL JAR,                                                481


  GARDEN, EGYPTIAN,                                            349

  GARRICK'S CUP,                                               232

  GATE, THE, ON OLD LONDON BRIDGE,                             561

  GAUNTLET OF HENRY, PRINCE OF WALES,                          661

  GIANT TREE,                                                  229

  GLAIVE, A,                                                   504

  GRACE KNIVES,                                                641

  GRAVES OF THE STONE PERIOD,                                  364

  GREAT WALL OF CHINA,                                         233

  GREY MAN'S PATH, THE,                                        528

  GUN, A CELEBRATED,                                           568

  GUY, THOMAS, PORTRAIT OF,                                    605


  HACKNEY COACHMAN OF THE TIME OF CHARLES II.,                 258

  HACKNEY COACH, THE EARLIEST,                                 211

  HEAD-BREAKER, A,                                             665

  ---- ORNAMENT, ANTIQUE,                                      393

  HEART OF LORD EDWARD BRUCE AND CASE,                    246, 247

  HELMET, AN EARLY ENGLISH,                                    632

  HELMET OF SIR JOHN CROSBY,                                   520

  HENRY V., CRADLE OF,                                         516

  ---- VII., BEDESMEN IN THE TIME OF,                          393

  ---- VIII., CHAIR OF,                                        488

  ---- I. (KING) DREAM OF,                                      26

  ---- VIII.'S WALKING STICK,                                   30

  HINDOO ADORATION OF THE SÁLAGRÁM,                            588

  HOLY-WATER SPRINKLER,                                        532

  HOOPS, LADIES', IN 1740,                                       6

  HUDSON, JEFFERY, THE DWARF OF THE COURT OF CHARLES I.,       472


  IMPLEMENTS USED IN BUDDHIST TEMPLES,                         621

  INCENSE CHARIOT, AN ANCIENT,                                 513

  INSTRUMENTS OF TORTURE:--THE EXECUTIONER'S AXE; THE BLOCK
        ON WHICH LORDS BALMERINO AND LOVAT WERE BEHEADED; THE
        SCAVENGER'S DAUGHTER; SPANISH BILBOES; MASSIVE IRON
        COLLAR FOR THE NECK; THUMB SCREW. BRAND FOR MARKING
        FELONS: IMPRESSION OF BRAND; PUNISHMENT FOR DRUNKARDS,
        FORMERLY IN USE AT NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE; THE WHIRLIGIG,
        A MILITARY METHOD OF PUNISHMENT; PILLORY, STOCKS, AND
        WHIPPING-POST FORMERLY ON LONDON BRIDGE,            60, 90

  IRRIGATION, TURKISH MACHINE FOR,                             681


  JAMES I., CURIOUS JEWEL WHICH BELONGED TO,                   456

  ---- II., AND THE CHURCH OF DONORE,                          557

  JEWEL PRESENTED BY MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS, TO EARL HUNTLEY,    243

  JOHNSON'S (DR. SAMUEL), RESIDENCE IN INNER TEMPLE LANE,       48

  ---- OLD STAIRCASE IN,                                        49

  JOY (WILLIAM), THE ENGLISH SAMPSON,                          177


  KING'S STONE, THE,                                           461

  KNIGHT'S COSTUME OF THE 13TH CENTURY,                        480


  LAMPS, ANCIENT ROMAN,                                        437

  LOCOMOTIVE, THE FIRST,                                        96

  ---- THE PRESENT, AND TRAIN,                                  97

  LORD OF MISRULE,                                              15

  LOUIS XII., IVORY SCEPTRE OF,                                476

  LOUIS XVI., EXECUTION OF,                                    255

  LUTHER'S (MARTIN) TANKARD,                                   150

  LYNCH'S CASTLE, GALWAY,                                      581


  MAGICIAN'S MIRROR,                                           344

  ---- BRACELET,                                               345

  MAY-POLES,                                                   101

  MAIL, ANCIENT SUIT OF,                                       484

  MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS', CANDLESTICK,                          436

  MEDMENHAM ABBEY,                                             429

  MILITARY HATS IN THE OLDEN TIME,                              75

  MILL AT LISSOY,                                              469

  MIRROR, A MAGICIAN'S,                                        344

  MONSOONS,                                                    180

  MONSTROUS HEAD-DRESS OF 1782,                                242

  MONUMENTS, WAYSIDE,                                          588

  ---- ROCK CUT, OF ASIA MINOR,                                444

  MORAYSHIRE FLOODS,                                           126

  MOSQUE OF OMAR,                                              317

  ---- ST. SOPHIA,                                             104

  MUMMERS, OR ANCIENT WAITS,                                    14

  MUMMY CASES,                                                 409

  MUSICAL INSTRUMENT, HINDOO,                                  684

  ---- ---- A CURIOUS BURMESE,                            628, 629

  ---- ---- EGYPTIAN,                                          405


  NAORA, THE,                                                  636

  NEBUCHADNEZZAR, MASK OF,                                     105

  NECKLACE, ANCIENT JET,                                       529

  NELL GWYNNE'S LOOKING-GLASS,                                 237

  NEWTON CHURCH, DOORWAY OF,                                   473

  NEWTON'S (SIR ISAAC) OBSERVATORY,                             10

  ---- HOUSE, ST. MARTIN'S STREET,                              11

  NORMAN CAPS,                                                  44

  NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN WAR DESPATCH,                           45


  OLD LONDON BRIDGE, GATE ON THE,                              561

  ---- ---- SIGNS,                                             120

  ORNAMENTS ABYSSINIAN FEMALE,                                 493

  ---- ANTIQUE HEAD,                                           393

  ---- FEMALE, OF THE IRON PERIOD,                             400

  ---- EGYPTIAN FEMALE,                                        448

  ---- PERSONAL, OF EGYPTIANS,                                 453

  ---- OF FEMALE DRESS IN THE TIMES OF THE ANCIENT BRITONS,     79


  PAGODA, THE GREAT SHOEMADOO,                                 572

  PAILOOS, CHINESE,                                            625

  PAPYRUS ROLL, FROM A SPECIMEN IN THE BRITISH MUSEUM,          82

  ---- SYRIAN, WITH AND WITHOUT FLOWERS,                        83

  PARIS GARDEN AT BLACKFRIARS,                                 465

  PASS OF KEIM-AN-EIGH,                                        329

  PENN'S (WILLIAM) SILVER TEA SERVICE,                         202

  PENNSYLVANIA JOURNAL, FAC-SIMILE OF THE HEADING OF
        THE LAST NUMBER, 1765,                                  63

  PEST HOUSE DURING THE PLAGUE IN TOTHILL FIELDS,              573

  PETER THE GREAT, HOUSE OF, AT ZAANDAM,                       545

  PLOUGHING, ANCIENT MODE OF,                                   66

  POISON CUP, THE,                                             485

  PONT DU GARD, THE GREAT AQUEDUCT OF,                         312

  POPE'S CHAIR,                                                577

  POPULAR AMUSEMENTS IN 1743,                                   56

  PORCELAIN FIGURES,                                           517

  POTTERY IN CHINA, THE ART OF,                                321

  POWERSCOURT FALL, PHENOMENON AT,                             305

  PREACHING FRIAR,                                             221

  PRE-ADAMITE BONE CAVERNS,                                    199

  PRIESTS OF SIKKIM,                                           664

  PRINCE RUPERT, HEAD QUARTERS OF, DURING THE SIEGE
        OF LIVERPOOL, IN 1644,                                 292

  PULPIT OF JOHN KNOX AT ST. ANDREW'S,                         270

  PUNISHMENT, ANCIENT INSTRUMENT OF,                           680

  PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT,                                           131


  QUEEN ELIZABETH'S STATE COACH,                               198

  ---- ---- SIDE SADDLE OF,                                    340


  RAFFAELLE, TOMB OF,                                          569

  RALEIGH'S (SIR WALTER) ANCIENT RESIDENCE AT BLACKWALL,       161

  REVOLVER, A, OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY,                        30

  RING, FORMERLY THE PROPERTY OF CHARLES I.,                   263

  RINGS, CALCINATED,                                           408

  ---- SARDONYX, WITH CAMEO HEAD OF QUEEN ELIZABETH,           372

  ---- A TOAD STONE,                                           424

  ROCK OF CASHEL, THE,                                         352

  RUINS OF CLONMACNOIS,                                        612


  SACK-POT, OLD ENGLISH,                                       521

  SAINT GEORGE, TOMB OF,                                       281

  SAINT GEORGE'S HALL, GIBRALTAR,                                7

  SALAGRAM, HINDOO ADORATION OF THE,                           589

  SARDONYX RING, WITH CAMEO HEAD OF QUEEN ELIZABETH,           373

  SCEPTRE, IVORY, OF LOUIS XII.,                               476

  SCHOOL, A CHINESE,                                           525

  SCRIPTURAL ANTIQUITIES:--DRUM, OR TIMBREL; DRUM IN USE
        IN THE EAST; HARP; LUTES; INSCRIBED STONE; SANDALS;
        DISTAFF; ROMAN FARTHING; STONEMONEY-WRIGHTS; HAND
        MILL; EASTERN WINE AND WATER BOTTLES,                  217

  SELKIRK (ALEXANDER) AND THE DANCING GOATS,                    22

  SEPULCHRAL VASE,                                        320, 608

  SHAKESPEARE'S JUG,                                           576

  SHIELD, ANCIENT DANISH,                                      420

  SHRINE OF ST. SEBALD AT NUREMBERG,                           604

  SILVER LOCKET IN MEMORY OF THE EXECUTION OF CHARLES I.,      263

  SNAKE CHARMER,                                               300

  SOUTH STACK LIGHTHOUSE,                                      240

  SPANISH DAGGER OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY,                     263

  SPIDER, THE TRAP-DOOR,                                       384

  ---- NEST OF THE,                                            385

  ST. WINIFRED'S WELL,                                         304

  STAMP, MEDICINE, ANTIQUE ROMAN,                              449

  STANDARDS, EGYPTIAN,                                         396

  ---- ASSYRIAN,                                          584, 585

  STEAM BOAT, FAC-SIMILE OF THE FIRST,                         301

  STICKS, OLD WALKING,                                         388

  SWORD BREAKER, ANCIENT,                                      672

  ---- AN EXECUTIONER'S,                                       676

  ---- CURIOUS ANTIQUE,                                        596

  ---- THE HAWTHORNDEN,                                        353

  ---- THE SETON,                                              357

  SUMMERS' MAGNET, OR LOADSTONE,                                41


  TEMPLAR'S BANNER, CALLED BEAUSEANT,                          565

  TEMPLE AT SIMONBONG, INTERIOR VIEW OF,                       620

  THRASHING CORN, ANCIENT METHOD OF,                            67

  TILBURY FORT, WATER-GATE OF,                                 190

  TOILET BOXES, EGYPTIAN,                                      381

  TOMB, ANCIENT GREEK, INTERIOR VIEW OF,                       617

  ---- A CHINESE,                                              508

  ---- OF RAFFAELLE,                                           569

  TOMB OF CÆCILIA METELLA,                                     477

  TOPE, THE SANCHI,                                            389

  TORTURE CHAMBER AT NUREMBERG,                                616

  TOWER OF THE THUNDERING WINDS,                                93

  TRAJAN, ARCH OF, AT BENEVENTUM,                              445

  TREATY STONE AT LIMERICK,                                    564

  TRIPOD, AN ANCIENT,                                          549

  TUMBREL, THE,                                                  2

  TUNISIAN TURNER, A,                                          652

  TYRIAN PURPLE, THE SHELL FISH FROM WHICH IT IS OBTAINED,     644


  UMBRELLA, ANGLO-SAXON,                                       624


  VASES, ANCIENT,                                              337

  ---- GREEK,                                                  501

  ---- ROMAN, IN BLACK WARE,                                   372

  ---- A SEPULCHRAL, OF ANCIENT EGYPT,                         608

  VASES TEUTONIC, HUT-SHAPED,                                  580

  VAUXHALL,                                                    380

  VESSEL, A CURIOUSLY SHAPED,                                  376

  VESUVIUS, CRATER OF, IN 1829,                                165

  VISHNU, THE GOD,                                             645

  VOLCANO OF JORULLO, MEXICO,                                  161


  WAR CHARIOT OF EGYPT,                                        365

  WATCH, ANTIQUE,                                              368

  ---- PRESENTED BY LOUIS XII. OF FRANCE TO CHARLES I.
        OF ENGLAND,                                            640

  ---- PRESENTED BY MARY OF SCOTLAND TO MARY SKATON,           285

  WATER CARRIER OF THE OLDEN TIME,                             259

  WEAPON, AN ANCIENT,                                          660

  ---- A POISON,                                               672

  WEAVER BIRD, SOCIAL NEST OF,                                 441

  WIGS OF VARIOUS PERIODS,                                      31




INDEX.


                                                              PAGE

  Abbey Buildings, The Arrangement of,                         658

  Abraham and Sarah,                                           101

  Abyssinian Ladies, Dress of the,                             491

  Abyssinian Lady, Tattooed,                                   495

  Advertisement, an American,                                  111

  Advertisements, Curious,                      406, 447, 455, 478

  ---- in the last Century,                                    207

  ---- of a Dying-speech Book,                                 116

  ---- New Style of,                                           249

  ---- a Pudding as an,                                        228

  ---- of a Fleet Parson,                                      116

  A False Find,                                                 31

  A Female Sampson,                                             62

  A Fine Old Soldier,                                          314

  A Floating City,                                             308

  A Funeral appropriately conducted,                           235

  Aged Persons, instances of many Dying,                       283

  Ages of Celebrated Men,                                      102

  A Great Marvel seen in Scotland,                             138

  A Happy Family,                                               28

  A Harmless Eccentric,                                        186

  Albertus Magnus, Receipts from,                               91

  Ale Too Strong,                                              267

  Alexandria, Pharos at,                                       274

  Algerine Invasion of Ireland,                                176

  A Last Chance,                                               103

  All Humbugs,                                                  85

  A Lucky Find,                                                  6

  A Man in a Vault Eleven Days,                                 69

  ---- Carries his House on his Head,                          290

  ---- Selling his own Body,                                    95

  ---- aged One Hundred Years,                                 256

  A Monster,                                                   287

  Ambassador, French, Entry into London,                       262

  ---- why Held by the Arms,                                   162

  Amphitheatres,                                               102

  Amulets worn by Egyptian Females,                            120

  ---- Brotche,                                                332

  Amusements in the 15th Century,                              254

  ---- in 1743, Popular,                                        56

  An apparent Singularity accounted for,                        93

  An Eccentric Tourist,                                        139

  Ancients, Credulity of the,                                  144

  Anglo-Saxons, Sepulchral Barrow of,                           26

  Animals, Food of,                                             24

  ---- Communication between,                                  294

  Animation, Suspended,                                        374

  Anne Boleyn, Execution of,                                   375

  Antimony,                                                    570

  Antipathies,                                                 391

  ---- Unaccountable,                                          196

  Antiquities, Egyptian,                                       642

  Apollo, Oracles of, in France,                               675

  Arabian Horses,                                              291

  Arabs, Horses of the,                                        498

  Archbishop, an, Washing Feet,                                  5

  Arch, A Beautiful,                                           433

  A remarkable Old Man,                                        214

  Armlet, Ancient,                                             425

  Armour, Ancient, Curious Piece of,                           341

  Arms, Abyssinian,                                            509

  Artists, Duration of Life amongst,                           196

  A Sea above the Sky,                                          81

  Ash, the Shrew,                                              397

  Ass, The,                                                    116

  Assiduity and Perseverance,                                  304

  Attar of Roses, Origin of,                                   343

  Attar of Roses,                                              298

  A Woman takes the Lighted Match,                              40

  ---- Defends a Post singly,                                   52

  Authors, some Learned, Amusements of,                        137

  A Unique Library,                                            211

  Aztec Children,                                               37


  Babes of Bethlehem, The,                                     660

  Bagpipes, Irish,                                             505

  Ballot, Origin of the,                                       673

  Bandoliers,                                                  560

  Bank, A Mattrass for a,                                      323

  Banner, The Templars', called Beauseant,                     564

  Banquets of the Ancients,                                    439

  Bara, a Machine used in Sicily,                              415

  Barbers,                                                      94

  Barometer, Incident connected with,                          136

  Bartholomew Fair in 1700, Handbill of,                       148

  Bastille of Paris, Storming of the,                          194

  Bazaar, a Turkish,                                           614

  Bear, a Shaved,                                               17

  Beard, Care of the,                                          503

  Beau Brummell (a) of the 17th Century,                        61

  Bective Abbey,                                               392

  Bedesmen in the time of Henry VII.,                          593

  Bedford Missal, The,                                         407

  Bee, The Queen,                                               25

  Bees, Obedient to Training,                                   95

  Beggars, Severe Enactment against,                           302

  ---- selected as Models by Painters,                         281

  Bell, The Great, of Burmah,                                  559

  ---- of Rouen,                                               650

  Bells,                                                       193

  ---- of the Ancients,                                        279

  ---- of St. Mura,                                            411

  Bell-Shrine, an Ancient,                                     347

  Bellows, Primitive Pair of,                                  637

  Bible, 118, 372,                                             490

  ---- Bunyan's,                                               121

  ---- Summary of the,                                         169

  ---- used by Charles I. on the Scaffold,                     271

  Billy in the Salt-box,                                       181

  Birds, The Ear of, not to be Deceived,                       228

  Blind Jack,                                                   23

  ---- Granny,                                                  70

  ---- Workman,                                                155

  Boat, Burmese,                                               667

  Bobart, Jacob,                                                22

  Boiling to Death,                                            663

  Bolton Abbey, Origin of,                                     273

  Bombardier Beetle, The,                                       68

  Bones, Adaptation of to Age,                                  52

  Book-shaped Watch,                                           328

  Boots an object of Honour,                                   232

  Boydell, Alderman,                                             9

  Brama, the Hindoo Deity,                                     555

  Bramins, Philosophy of the,                                  371

  Brank, The,                                                    2

  Brass Medal, of our Saviour,                                 241

  Breakfasting Hut in 1745,                                    158

  Bribery,                                                     141

  Bricks of Babylon, The,                                      612

  Bridge, Old London, The Gate of,                             561

  ---- Chinese,                                                439

  ---- Suspension, at Freybourg,                               166

  Britannia Tubular Bridge,                                    172

  British Islands, Size of the,                                245

  Brooch, Ancient Scandinavian,                                401

  Bruce, Lord Edward, Case containing the Heart of,            215

  Brunswick, House of, Anecdote of the,                        459

  Buckinger, Matthew,                                           53

  Buddist Temples, Instruments used in,                        621

  Bumper,                                                      153

  Bunyan's, John, Tomb,                                        156

  Burial Places of Distinguished Men,                          390

  Burmah, Elephant God of,                                     537

  Bust, Etrurian, An Ancient,                                  677

  Byng, Admiral, Execution of,                                 182


  Cader Idris,                                                 118

  Cagots, The,                                                 638

  Calculation, Interesting,                                    474

  Cambridge Clods,                                              20

  Camden Cup,                                                  250

  Camel, as a Scape-Goat,                                      522

  Cameleon, The Eye of the,                                    479

  Candles in the Church,                                       449

  Cannon, Ancient, raised from the Sea,                         40

  ---- at the Siege of Constantinople,                          69

  ---- First Iron,                                             320

  Canute, The Discovery of the Body of,                        176

  Cardinals, Colour of the Hat for,                            234

  Cards, Games with, in the 16th Century,                      618

  Carfax Conduit,                                              333

  Carronades,                                                  149

  Carrara, Francis, Cruelty of,                                504

  Carriage, Turkish,                                           655

  Cascade des Pelerines,                                       135

  Cat, Instinct in a,                                          353

  Catacombs at Rome,                                            87

  Cataract, Extraordinary,                                     223

  Cat-Clock, A,                                                631

  Cats, White,                                                  51

  ---- with Knotted Tails,                                     238

  Caves, The Hawthornden,                                      382

  Chaffinch Contest,                                           651

  Chalice, Iona, The Golden,                                   422

  Changes of Fortune,                                          371

  Chaplain, Instructions to a,                                 458

  Chapter-House in Henry VIIth's time,                         599

  Charing Cross, Autobiography of,                             128

  Charity instead of Pomp,                                     407

  ---- Rewarded by a Mendicant,                                257

  Charlemagne, Clock presented to,                             145

  Charles I., Anecdote relative to,                            174

  ---- II., Privy Purse, Expenses of,                          234

  Cherry Tree,                                                 458

  Chess, in India, How it Originated,                          305

  Chieftain, Ancient Scottish,                                 500

  Chilcott, the Giant,                                          71

  Child, Test of Courage in a,                                 132

  Children of Aged Parents,                                    319

  China, Origin of the Great Wall of,                          233

  Chinese Dainties,                                             91

  ---- Ivory Balls,                                            144

  ---- Method of Fishing,                                      315

  ---- Punishment of the Kang,                                 134

  ---- Ladies, Small Feet of,                                  475

  ---- Mirrors,                                                425

  ---- School,                                                 525

  ---- Therapeutics,                                           369

  Chocolate, Early use of,                                      52

  Christmas Customs, Bygone,                                14, 19

  Christening, Novel Mode of Celebrating a,                    393

  Chronology of Remarkable Events,                             218

  Church of Donore, James II. and the,                         557

  Cigars, Extraordinary Fashion in,                            274

  Circumstance, a Curious,                                     430

  ---- Extraordinary,                                           15

  Cistern of Majolica Ware,                                    597

  Clock at Hernhuth, Watchmen Imitating,                        20

  ---- Wonderful,                                              167

  Clocks, Early,                                               171

  Clonmacnois, Ruins of,                                       289

  Coachmen of the Time of Charles II.,                         257

  Cock Fighting at Schools,                                    219

  Coffee,                                                      153

  Coffee and Tea,                                              122

  Coffee-house in London, the First,                             4

  ---- Attractions in 1760,                                     41

  Coin, The First, with Britannia on it,                       468

  Coinage, Variations in the,                                  650

  Coincidences, some Curious,                                  434

  Collars, Stone, Ancient,                                     665

  Column at Cussi,                                             533

  Comb, Curious Indian,                                        657

  Conecte, Thomas,                                             433

  Confectionary Art in 1660,                                   373

  Conjuring, Public Taste for in 1718,                         122

  Conway Church, Inscription in,                               112

  Coral Reefs,                                                  73

  Coronations, Prices for Seats at,                            160

  ---- Expenses at,                                            283

  Corpulent Man,                                                78

  Corpulence, Cure for,                                         80

  Cost of Articles in the 14th Century,                        330

  Costume, Ancient Female,                                  71, 78

  Costumes,                      395, 437, 536, 544, 547, 630, 651

  Couteau-de-Chasse, Ancient,                                  633

  Cranmer's (Archbishop) Dietary,                              137

  Credulity, Extraordinary Instance of,                        311

  Cricket-Matches, Extraordinary,                              408

  Criminal, a Rich and Cruel,                                  450

  Criminals, Old Custom Relating to,                           598

  Cromwell's Bridge at Glengariff,                             648

  Cross of Cong, The,                                          457

  ---- ---- Muiredach,                                         369

  ---- Ordeal of the,                                          463

  Crown of Charlemagne,                                        377

  Cucking-Stool, The,                                            1

  Cupid, The, of the Hindoos,                                  230

  Curious Feats,                                          181, 239

  ---- Law,                                                      8

  ---- Manuscript,                                             214

  Curiously-shaped Vessel,                                     376

  Curiously-shaped Drinking Cups,                              413

  Curiosities, Strange,                                        457

  Custom, Means of attracting,                                 683

  Customs, Singular Local,                                     653


  Daffeys' Elixir,                                             173

  Dagger, An Ancient,                                          673

  Dagobert, Ancient Chair of,                                  421

  Dance, Curious Provincial in France,                         679

  Dances, Fashionable of the last Century,                     220

  Dancing Rooms,                                                57

  Dead, Fashions for the,                                      523

  Dead Bodies, Preservation of,                      251, 280, 638

  Death, Boiling to,                                           663

  ---- Lunar Influence in,                                     346

  ---- Pressing to,                                            515

  Decorative Drinking Vessel,                                  336

  Della Robbia Ware,                                           601

  Demons, Bribing the,                                         531

  Dervishes, Dancing,                                          669

  Desolation, Scene of,                                        329

  Destitute Cats, Asylum for,                                  280

  Dial and Fountain in Leadenhall Street,                      553

  Dilemma,                                                     499

  Dinner, an Egyptian,                                         537

  ---- in China,                                               596

  ---- Party in the 17th Century,                              609

  Diogenes in a Pithos, not Tub,                               101

  Disorders Cured by Fright,                                   307

  Dispute and appropriate Decision,                            140

  Dog (A) Extinguishing a Fire,                                 20

  ---- Combination of Instinct and Force,                      284

  ---- A Sensible, Refusing to Bait a Cat,                      76

  ---- Persevering,                                             80

  ---- Friendship,                                              84

  ---- A Piscatorial,                                          367

  ---- Sensible,                                               376

  ---- in Japan,                                               622

  ---- Figures of on Ancient Tombs,                            682

  Dog-wheel, The Old,                                          101

  Dole in consequence of a Dream,                              503

  Doles,                                                       399

  Down among the Dead Men,                                     185

  Dress, Forty years ago,                                      212

  Dress in London,                               18, 114, 253, 295

  ---- Fastidiousness at an Old Age,                           243

  ---- of the Ancient Britons,                                  79

  Drinking Bouts in Persia,                                    547

  Drinks, Intoxicating, Antiquity of,                          611

  Dropping Wells,                                              142

  Druids' Seat,                                                464

  Drunkenness, the Offspring of,                               666

  Duns in the Mahratta Country,                                379

  Dyaks of Borneo,                                             275


  Ears, Character Indicated by,                                 65

  Earthenware, English,                                        575

  Earthquake Panic,                                            520

  ---- Swallowed up by an,                                     329

  ---- at Lisbon,                                              200

  ---- Nottingham, in 1816,                                    280

  Earthquakes,                                            398, 432

  East India House, the First,                                 206

  Eating for a Wager,                                            4

  Eccentric Englishman, An,                                    438

  Eccentrics, a Couple of,                                     318

  Echo, Extraordinary,                                         341

  Eddystone Lighthouse,                                        108

  Edicts against Fiddlers,                                     328

  Eel, Large,                                                   10

  Egypt,                                                       491

  ---- Pyramids of,                                            130

  Egyptian Toys in the British Museum,                         129

  Elephant Detects a Robber, An,                                99

  Elephants Frightened at Pigs,                                  9

  Energy, A Triumph of,                                        193

  England before the Romans,                                    86

  Englishman, A Fat,                                            28

  Epitaph, an Inculpatory,                                     268

  Etna, Mount, Great Eruption of,                              451

  ---- Changes of,                                             406

  Europa, Ruins of,                                            567

  Exchequer-bills, Origin of,                                  676

  Execution, in 1793,                                           84

  Extraordinary Tree,                                          183

  Extravagance at Elections,                                   149

  ---- Oriental,                                               499

  Eyam, The Desolation of,                                     226


  Fallacy of the Virtues of a Seventh Son,                     315

  False Accusers, Punishing,                                   230

  Farmers, Illustrious,                                        304

  Fashionable Disfigurement,                                   213

  Fayence, The, of Henry II. of France,                        591

  Feasts, Anglo-Saxon,                                         517

  Federation, Fête of the,                                     288

  Female Intrepidity, Extraordinary,                           248

  Ferrers, Earl, Execution of,                                 107

  Figg, Champion,                                              113

  Finger Rings, Porcelain,                                     486

  Fire at Burwell, Cambridgeshire,                             293

  Fire-arms in the Tower of London,                             29

  Fire-engines, When first made,                               223

  Fish, Shooting,                                              432

  ---- High Price of, in London,                               312

  ---- Extraordinary Ponds and,                                561

  ---- Tame,                                                   659

  ---- Wonderful,                                              542

  Fishermen, Bulgarian,                                        497

  Fleet Marriages, about 1740,                                 299

  Floods, the Morayshire,                                      126

  Flying Coach,                                                228

  Fog of 1783, The Great,                                      414

  Font at Kilcarn, The,                                        417

  Food of the Ancients,                                        450

  Foot-Racing in 1699,                                         457

  Foreigners in London in 1567,                                371

  Fortune, Change of,                                          371

  Fox Killed by a Swan,                                          4

  Francis I., Funeral Oration of,                              363

  Franklin's Celebrated Letter to Strahan,                      39

  Frederick the Great at Table,                                579

  French Dress,                                                102

  ---- Assignats, the Origin,                                  253

  Friars, Preaching,                                           221

  Frost Fairs,                                                  67

  ---- Extraordinary,                                          209

  Funeral, an Eccentric,                                       395

  ---- Jar,                                                    481

  ---- Obsequies, Strange,                                     108


  Game Preserves at Chantilly,                                 362

  Gamblers, Chinese, Playing for Fingers,                      593

  Gambling, Legalised,                                         141

  ---- Extraordinary,                                          359

  Gaming, a National Taste for,                                267

  Gander, an Old,                                               27

  Garden, an Egyptian,                                         349

  ---- at Kenilworth, when in its Prime,                       641

  ---- Love of,                                                419

  ---- Sacred,                                                 420

  ---- The Hanging, of Babylon,                                558

  Garrick's Cup,                                               232

  Gauntlet of Henry, Prince of Wales,                          661

  George II., Proclamation for,                                200

  Georgians as Topers,                                         511

  Giant Tree,                                                  229

  Gibraltar, Siege of,                                           6

  Gigantic Bones,                                              248

  Glaives,                                                     504

  Glove Money,                                                 503

  Gloves, Anne Boleyn's,                                       600

  ---- Origin of "Pin Money",                                  275

  Grace Knives,                                                641

  Graham Island,                                               443

  Graves of the Stone Period,                                  363

  Greek Vases,                                                 501

  Gretna Green Marriages,                                      159

  Grey Man's Path, The,                                        528

  Grinning for a Wager,                                         13

  Groaning Boards,                                              66

  Groat, a Castle for a,                                       470

  Grotto, Remarkable, and Story connected with it,             625

  Guillotine, Decapitation by the,                               8

  Gun, Celebrated,                                             568

  Gunpowder, Making a Candlestick of,                          249


  Hackney Coach, The Earliest,                                 211

  Hair, Ancient, Quantity and Colour of the,                     4

  ---- Price of Human,                                         242

  ---- Remarkable Preservation of,                             122

  ---- Transplantation of,                                      40

  ---- Turned Grey by Fright,                                  327

  ---- Two of the Fathers, on False,                            24

  Hamster Rat, The,                                            265

  Handbills, Distributing,                                     178

  ---- from Peckham Fair, in 1726,                              72

  Hanging a Mayor,                                             140

  "Happy Dispatch" in Japan, The,                              578

  Head Breaker, A.,                                            338

  Head-dress, Monstrous,                                       242

  ---- Ornament, Antique,                                      393

  Hejirs, The,                                                 222

  Helmet, Early English,                                       632

  ---- of Sir John Crosby,                                     520

  Henry I., Dream of,                                           26

  ---- II., Stripped when Dead,                                 39

  ---- V., Cradle of,                                          416

  ---- the VIIIth's Chair,                                     488

  ---- VIII., Curious Extracts from the Household Book
        of Lady Mary, Daughter of,                             399

  Highlander, A Remarkable,                                    238

  Highwaymen in 1782,                                            5

  Hindoo Computation,                                          507

  ---- Rites, Cruelty of,                                      627

  Historical Anecdote,                                         156

  Holy Water Sprinkler,                                        532

  Homer in a Nutshell,                                         127

  Hooking a Boy Instead of a Fish,                             319

  Hoops, in 1740,                                                6

  Horse, A, Getting himself Shod,                               76

  Horse-race, Indenture of a,                                   52

  Horses of the Arabs,                                         498

  Horses, Different Sorts of, in the 16th Century,             634

  ---- Feeding one another,                                    368

  ---- Vicious, Novel Way of Curing,                           174

  Hot Cross Buns,                                              251

  House, Novel Way of Designating a,                           539

  ---- of Hens' Feathers,                                      646

  Household Rules of the 16th Century,                         518

  How Distant Ages are Connected,                              200

  Hudson, Jeffery, the Dwarf of the Court of Charles I.,       472

  "Humbug," Origin of the Term,                                 97

  Hume, David, on his own Death,                               215

  Hundred Families' Lock,                                      435

  Hunting Party, a Regal,                                      391

  Husband, Novel way of Purchasing a,                          275

  Hydra, Extraordinary Reproductive Power of the,              490


  Ice, Ground,                                                 506

  Ignorance and Fear,                                          290

  Impostor, An,                                                 50

  Impudence or Candour? Which is it?                           239

  Incense Chariot, An Ancient,                                 513

  Incremation, Instance of,                                    353

  Indian Jugglers, European Balancing,                         293

  Inhumanity, Extraordinary Instances of,                      436

  Innkeeper's Bill in 1762,                                    431

  Insects, Wonderful Formation of the Eye in,                  467

  Insect Life, Minuteness of,                                  338

  Instinct of Animals,                                         410

  Insurance Agent, Canvass of an,                              465

  Interesting and Fanciful Relique,                            243

  Inventors, The Perils of,                                    141

  Irrigation, Turkish Machine for,                             349

  "It's much the same Now",                                     94


  James II. and the Church of Donore,                          557

  James II., Spent by the Corporation of Coventry at the
        Entertainment of, in his Progress through Coventry,    378

  Javanese, Superstition of the,                               244

  Jenny's Whim,                                                174

  Jewel, A Curious, which belonged to James I.,                456

  Jews, Wealth of the,                                         359

  Johnson, Dr., A Visit to the Residence of,                    48

  Joy, William, the English Sampson,                           176

  Judas Iscariot, Legends of,                                  339

  Judges attending Public Balls,                               303

  ---- Salaries,                                               446

  Jugglers in Japan,                                           529

  ---- of Modern Egypt,                                        342


  Kildare, Death of the Earl of,                               172

  Killed by eating Mutton and Pudding,                          73

  King Edward I., Household Expenses of,                       231

  ---- Fine for Insulting a,                                   149

  ---- of Kippen, The,                                         139

  ---- John and Pope Innocent,                                 463

  King-Maker, Warwick the,                                     527

  King's Bed, Ceremonial for Making the,                       562

  ---- Cock Crower, The,                                       137

  ---- Dishes with the Cook's Name,                            235

  ---- Stone, The, at Kingston,                                461

  Kitchen, Spacious,                                           383

  Knight's Costume of the 13th Century,                        480

  Knives and Forks,                                            133

  Knox, John, The Pulpit of, at St. Andrews,                   269


  Lady, Origin of the Word,                                    147

  Lagmi, and the Use made of it,                               623

  Lambeth Wells, the Apollo Gardens,                           272

  Lamps, Roman,                                                437

  Land, Change in the Value of,                                196

  Landslip at Colebroke, Shropshire,                           184

  Lantern, Curious,                                            100

  Lauderdale, The Duchess of,                                  403

  Law of the Mozcas,                                           454

  Law and Order in the Streets of London,                      131

  Laws, a Hundred years ago, Severity of,                      234

  Leadenhall Street, Old Dial and Fountain in,                 553

  Legend, A Superstitious,                                     351

  Legends among Savage Nations,                                146

  Length of Life without Bodily Exercise,                      274

  Lepers, Treatment of, in England,                            493

  Leprosy, Lazars, and Lazar Houses,                           169

  Letter, Extraordinary,                                       322

  Lettsom's (Dr.) Reasons,                                      71

  Lewson, The Eccentric Lady,                                  221

  Life, An Eventful,                                           427

  ---- in Death,                                               443

  Lighting the Streets, Bequests for,                          310

  Lightning, Calmuc's Opinion of,                               63

  Living, Style of, among the Nobility of the 15th Century,    533

  ---- in the 16th Century,                                    357

  Lizards, Swallowing,                                          41

  Loaf Sugar,                                                  166

  Locomotives, the First,                                       96

  Locusts,                                                     151

  London Localities in the 16th Century,                       526

  London Water Carrier in Olden Time,                          258

  ---- in 1756, State of,                                      147

  London Resorts a Hundred Years Ago,                          197

  Longevity,                                                   269

  Long Meg and her Daughters,                                  394

  Lord Mayor's Feast in 1663,                                  551

  Lotteries,                                                   619

  Louis XVI., Execution of,                                    258

  Luther's (Martin) Tankard,                                   149

  Luxury in 1562,                                              418

  Lynch's Castle, Galway,                                      581


  Mackarel, Price of,                                          576

  Madness, Sudden Recovery from,                               168

  Madyn, the Capital of Persia, Magnificence of,
        when invaded by the Saracens A.D.                 636, 554

  Magic Rain Stone,                                            168

  Magician's Mirror and Bracelet,                              344

  Magnet, The Summers' or Loadstone,                            41

  Magnificence of Former Times,                                111

  Magpie Stoning a Toad,                                        92

  Mahomet, Personal Appearance of,                             571

  Mail, Ancient suit of,                                       483

  Malady, Extraordinary,                                       670

  Mandrin, the Smuggler,                                       167

  Manners, Ancient, of the Italian,                            585

  Man without Hands,                                            77

  Manufacture, One of the Effects of,                          142

  Marat, Funeral of,                                           375

  Marriage Custom, Curious,                                    543

  ---- Lottery,                                                 91

  ---- Vow,                                                    419

  Mary, Queen of Scots, her First Letter to English,           370

  Mary Queen of Scots, her Candlestick,                        436

  Maternal Affection in a Dumb Woman,                          140

  May-pole in the Strand,                                      534

  ---- Fate of the Last, in the Strand,                        682

  May-poles,                                                   100

  Mecca, The Black Stone at,                                   550

  Medmenham Abbey,                                             429

  Memento-Mori Watch,                                          285

  Mental Affection, A Curious,                                 335

  Merman, A,                                                    16

  Mexican Tennis,                                              375

  Michaelmas-day, Origin of eating Goose on,                   198

  Military Hats in Olden Time,                                  75

  Mill at Lissoy,                                              469

  Miraculous Escape,                                           266

  Misers, Two,                                                 459

  Missal, The Bedford,                                         163

  Mob Wisdom,                                                  294

  Monasteries, Libraries of destroyed,                         334

  Monkeys Demanding their Dead,                                415

  Monkish Prayers,                                             383

  Monks, Gluttony of the,                                      347

  ---- and Friars,                                             680

  Monsey (Dr.) bequeaths his own Body,                          93

  Monsoons,                                                    179

  Monument, Rock-cut, of Asia Minor,                           441

  Monuments, Wayside,                                          587

  Mosque of Omar,                                              316

  Mother Mapp, the Bone Setter,                                158

  Mountains, Height of,                                        148

  Mouth, Character of the,                                     106

  M.P.'s and Mayors, Privateers,                               176

  Mulgrave, Origin of the House of,                            602

  Mullet and Turbot, with the Romans,                          488

  Mummy Cases,                                                 409

  Murderess, a Young but Cruel,                                392

  Music, Effect of, on a Pigeon,                                64

  ---- of the Hindoos,                                         683

  ---- ---- ---- Sea,                                          351

  Musical Instrument, A Curious,                               628

  Musical Instruments, Burmese,                                629

  ---- ---- Egyptian,                                          404


  Names, Strange Custom about,                                 295

  Naora, The,                                                  635

  Narrow Escape,                                               121

  Nature, Wonderful Provision of,                               55

  Nebuchadnezzar, Gold Mask of,                                105

  Necklace, Ancient Jet,                                       529

  Negro, Bill of Sale for a, in 1770,                           39

  Nell Gwynne's Looking-Glass,                                 237

  Never Sleeping in a Bed,                                     331

  Newspapers, Vacillating,                                     514

  New South Wales, Dances of the Natives of,                   225

  Newton, A Visit to the Observatory of,                        10

  New Zealand, The Wingless Bird of,                           307

  Norman Caps,                                                  44

  North American Indian War Dispatch,                           45

  Nose, Effect of a New,                                       102

  Nostrums,                                                     63

  Nun, The First English,                                      330

  Nut Crackers, Ancient,                                       236


  Oaks, Extraordinary,                          310, 426, 466, 455

  ---- Remarkable,                                             405

  Old Age, Dying of, at Seventeen Years,                        47

  Old Books,                                                   360

  Old London Signs,                                            118

  Opera, The First,                                            567

  Opium, Best Position for Smoking,                            675

  Oræfa Mountain, in Ireland,                                  356

  Ornaments, Personal Antique,                  293, 400, 447, 452

  Orthography in the Sixteenth Century,                         17


  Pagoda, The Great Shoëmadoo,                                 572

  Pailoos, Chinese,                                            625

  Panama, Isthmus of, Passage through,                         148

  Paper,                                                       619

  Papyrus, The,                                                 82

  Parental Authority, Too Much,                                513

  Paris Garden at Blackfriars,                                 465

  Parlour Dogs,                                                320

  Passport, A Traveller's,                                     679

  Pastimes, Popular,                                           514

  Pâtés de Foies Gras,                                         142

  Peacocks,                                                    366

  Pear-Tree, Great,                                            454

  Pearls, British,                                             363

  ---- Fondness of the Romans for,                             208

  Pedestrian Feat, Wonderful,                                  327

  Peg Tankards,                                                 43

  Penn, Tea Service which belonged to,                         201

  Penny Post, Origin of the,                                    47

  Pennsylvania Journal,                                         63

  Perfumes,                                                    253

  Persecution,                                                 430

  ---- in the Reign of Queen Mary,                             587

  Perseverance rewarded by Fortune,                            287

  Persia, Drinking Bouts in,                                   547

  Personal Charms Disclaimed,                                  118

  Peru, Condor in,                                             170

  Peruvian Bark,                                                51

  Pest-house, during the Plague, in Tothill Fields,            573

  Pestilence, The Black,                                       402

  Peter the Great at Zaandam,                                  544

  Physic, A Friend to,                                         267

  Physick for the Poor, Choice Receipts for,                   117

  Pigeon Catching near Naples,                                 437

  Pig, Roast, Advertisement of, in 1726,                        46

  Pike, An Old,                                                667

  Pilgrim Fathers, Chair belonging to,                         186

  Pillory for Eating Flesh in Lent,                             68

  Plague in England, The,                                      183

  ---- Corpse Bearers during the,                              283

  Plantagenets, Yellow Hair in the Time,                       103

  Plate, Use of, in the time of Henry VIII.,                   523

  Platypus, the Duck-billed,                                   273

  Playbill, Curious,                                           227

  ---- in the time of William III.,                            530

  Ploughing and Threshing, Ancient,                             66

  Poets, English, Fates of the Families of,                    471

  Pogonias Vocal Fish,                                         478

  Poison Cup, The,                                             485

  Poisoning the Monarch,                                        12

  Police, London, Disgraceful State of,                        193

  Pont du Gard, Great Aqueduct of,                             312

  Pope's Chair,                                                577

  Porcelain, Anecdote in,                                      517

  Port Coon Cave,                                              516

  Poet Haste One Hundred Years ago,                            182

  "Postman," The, Paragraph from, in 1697,                     219

  Pottery in China, Art of,                                    321

  Powerscourt Fall, Phenomenon at the,                         304

  Prayers, Unusual Locality for Saying,                        171

  Praying by Machinery,                                        314

  ---- by Wheel and Axle,                                      539

  Pre-Adamite Bone Caverns,                                    199

  Precocious Children,                                          64

  Presence of Mind--Escape from a Tiger,                       330

  Priests in Burmah, Knavery of the,                           266

  ---- of Sikkim,                                              663

  Prince of Wales, Origin of the Crest of the,                 115

  Prince Rupert, at Everton,                                   291

  Prolific Author,                                             320

  Proteus Anguinus, The,                                       152

  Psalm, Value of a Long,                                      512

  Pterodactylus, The,                                          360

  Pulpit, Refreshments for the,                                262

  Punishing by Wholesale,                                      680

  Punishment, Ancient Instrument of,                           680

  ---- Russian,                                                654

  ---- and Torture, Ancient Instruments of,                 58, 88

  Puritan Zeal,                                                579

  Purple, Tyrian,                                              643


  Quackery in the Olden Time,                                  671

  Queen Elizabeth, Banquets of,                                414

  ---- ---- Dresses of,                                        501

  ---- ---- Old Verses on,                                     204

  ---- ---- saddle of,                                         340

  ---- ---- State Coach of,                                    128

  ---- ----'s Laws,                                            151


  Raffaelle, Tomb of,                                          568

  Raffle, A, in 1725,                                           47

  Raleigh, Sir Walter, Residence of,                           160

  Ranelagh,                                                    204

  Ranz des Vaches,                                             173

  Rats, Destructive Force of,                                  463

  Ravilliac, Execution of,                                     132

  Receipts, Quaint,                                            153

  Red Sea, Luminous Appearance of the,                         454

  Regiments, The Modern Names of,                              639

  Reichstadt, The Duke de,                                     435

  Relics,                                                      393

  ---- A Group of,                                             261

  ---- Rescued,                                                618

  Remarkable Events and Inventions,                            145

  Revenge, New Mode of,                                        423

  Rheumatism, Strange Cure for the,                            201

  Rhinoceros, First in Europe,                                 655

  Richardson, the Showman,                                     251

  Ringing the Changes,                                         192

  Rings, Calcinated,                                           408

  Rites, Hindoo, Cruelty of,                                   627

  Roads in 1780,                                               327

  Rock of Cashel,                                              352

  Romans in Britain, Dress of Native Females at that Period,    86

  Rouen, The Great Bell of,                                    650

  Royal Touch, The,                                             42

  Royal Giants, Specimens of,                                  121

  ---- Prisoner, Expenses of,                                  260


  Sack Pot, Old English,                                       521

  Sacro Catino, The,                                           608

  Sadler's Wells,                                              112

  Saint George, Tomb of,                                       281

  Saint Lawrence,                                              464

  Sálagrám, Hindoo Adoration of the,                           589

  Sand Columns in Africa,                                      610

  Sandwiches, Origin of the,                                   563

  Sardonyx Ring, with Cameo Head of Queen Elizabeth,
        in the possession of Rev. Lord Thynne,                 373

  Scape Goat, Camel as a,                                      190

  Sceptre, Ivory, of Louis XII.,                               476

  School, Chinese,                                             525

  School Expenses in the Olden Time,                           427

  Science and Perseverance, Triumphs of,                       123

  Scottish Wild Cattle,                                        278

  Scriptural Antiquities,                                      215

  Sea, Phosphorescence of the,                                 418

  Sea Serpent, Immense,                                         42

  Sea-Urchin, Wonderful Construction of,                       475

  Second Sight,                                                 65

  Seeing Two Generations,                                      211

  Self-Nourishment,                                            315

  Selkirk and the Dancing Goats,                                22

  Sepulchral Vase from Peru,                                   320

  Sermons, Anecdotes in,                                       147

  Serpent, Anecdote of a,                                       85

  Seven, The Number,                                           354

  Sèvres Porcelain, Prices of,                                 487

  Sex, Change of,                                              189

  "Sforza," Origin of the Title,                               554

  Shakspeare's Jug,                                            575

  Sham Prophets,                                               319

  Sharks, The Queen's,                                         203

  Sheba, The Queen of,                                         518

  Sheep Killer, Hunting a,                                     268

  Shell Fish, in 1675, Price of,                               178

  Shetland, The Noss in,                                       324

  Shield, Ancient Danish,                                      420

  Shilling, Cutting a Wife off with a,                         359

  Shocking Depravity,                                          117

  Shoes, Long-toed, Origin of,                                 646

  Shrine, Curious Figures on a,                                202

  Shrine of St. Sebald at Nuremberg,                           271

  Simoom, The,                                                 662

  Skin, Human, a Drum made of,                                 398

  Slave Advertisements,                                         25

  Slave Trade, Iniquities of the,                              175

  Slaves, Recent Prices of,                                    435

  Sleep, Protracted,                                           483

  ---- State of the Mind during,                               350

  Sleeper, An Extraordinary,                                    28

  Smoking, Attachment to,                                      322

  Snake Charmers,                                              299

  Snakes, Power of Fascination in,                              64

  Snow Storm, Memorable,                                       327

  Snuff Boxes, Ancient,                                        209

  Snuff, Time Wasted in taking,                                512

  Something like a Feast,                                      129

  Somnambulism,                                                 72

  Sound, Phenomena of,                                         367

  Southcottian Delusion, A Phase of the,                       230

  South-stack Lighthouse,                                      239

  Spain, Wealth of, under the Moors,                           235

  Spider, Bite of the Tarantula,                                13

  Spiders Fond of Music,                                       157

  Spirit Drinker, An Aged,                                     228

  Spontaneous Combustion,                                      431

  Sports of the Lower Classes,                                 155

  Sportsman, A Royal,                                          443

  Springs, Intermittent,                                       455

  Stage Coach in 1760,                                         155

  Stag-Hunt in the 16th Century,                               511

  Stags like Cattle, Driving,                                  208

  Stamps, Antique Roman,                                  448, 643

  Standards, Ancient Banner and,                          396, 583

  State Coach in 1796,                                         156

  Statue, Metal, the Largest in the World,                     454

  Steam boat, Facsimile of the First,                          301

  Stevens's Specific,                                           50

  St. George's Cavern,                                         421

  St. James's Square,                                          123

  St. Paul's, Old,                                             162

  St. Paul and the Viper,                                      125

  St. Winifred's Well,                                         303

  Sticks, Old Walking,                                         387

  Stirrups,                                                    571

  Stomach Brush,                                                55

  Stoneware,                                                   649

  Strasburg, Curious Custom at,                                185

  Strength, Feats of, in 1789,                                   9

  Street Cries of Modern Egypt,                                401

  Stuff Ball at Lincoln, Origin of the,                         49

  Sultan, City of the,                                         103

  Sun and Moon, Worship of the,                                 81

  Superstition in 1856,                                        538

  ---- Curious,                                                424

  ---- Death caused by,                                        124

  ---- in France,                                              519

  ---- Vitality of,                                            474

  Sweating Sickness,                                           110

  Sweets, Artificial,                                          579

  Sword, Curious Antique,                                      596

  ---- Executioner's,                                          340

  ---- The Hawthornden,                                        353

  ---- The Seton,                                              356

  ---- Fish and Whales,                                        565

  Sword-Breaker, An Ancient,                                   672


  Taking a Man to Pieces,                                       79

  Tapestry, The Bayeux,                                        642

  Tar and Feather, Notices to,                                  38

  Taxation, Universality of,                                   318

  Tea,                                                          94

  Tea-Drinkers, The First, Puzzled,                            532

  Teapot, The,                                                 482

  Temple of Pou-tou, The,                                      673

  ---- at Simonbong,                                           620

  Temples of Brambanam,                                        442

  Terrier, Anecdote of a,                                      358

  Thames, Frost Fair on the,                                   106

  ---- The First Bridge over the,                              428

  Thanksgiving Day in 1697,                                    527

  Theatre, Roman, at Orange,                                   366

  Theatres in the Time of Shakespeare,                         597

  The First Hermits--Why so Called,                            125

  The Ruling Passion,                                      32, 188

  Theodora de Verdion,                                         207

  Thief Caught in his own Trap, The,                            77

  ---- Singular Discovery of a,                                115

  Thugs, The,                                                  574

  Tiger Cave at Cuttack,                                       361

  Tilbury Fort,                                                189

  Time, Division of, in Persia,                                633

  Tobacco, Origin of the Use of,                                57

  Toilet, Absurdities of the,                                  536

  ---- Boxes, Egyptian,                                        381

  Tomb, Chinese,                                               508

  ---- of Cæcilia Metella,                                     477

  ---- of Darius,                                              560

  Tomb of the Emperor Maximilian at Inspruck,                  590

  "Too Late," quoth Boice,                                     489

  Tope, the Sanchi,                                            389

  Topers, Georgians as,                                        511

  Toping in the Last Century,                                  314

  Torture,                                                     639

  ---- Chamber at Nuremberg,                                   615

  Tower of the Thundering Winds,                                93

  Trajan, Arch of, at Beneventum,                              112

  Trance, A,                                                   354

  ---- at Will,                                                462

  Trap-door Spider,                                            383

  Travelling, Common,                                          220

  ---- in Olden Times,                                     108,162

  ---- in the United States,                                   208

  Treaty-Stone at Limerick,                                    563

  Tree, Extraordinary Situation for a,                         313

  Trees, Age of,                                               521

  ---- that Grow Shirts,                                        62

  Tripod, Ancient,                                             549

  Trivial Circumstances, A Great Result from,                  605

  Tumbrel, The,                                                  2

  Tunisians, Ingenuity of the,                                 652

  Turban, The, in Arabia,                                      618

  Turkish Mode of Reparation,                                  326

  Twin-Worm, Extraordinary Formation of the,                   136

  Types, the Invention of,                                     152


  Umbrella, Anglo-Saxon,                                       624

  Upas Tree,                                                   123

  Useful and the Beautiful,                                    647


  Vampire, The Blood-sucking,                                  417

  Varnish-Tree of the Japanese,                                615

  Vases, Ancient,                                              337

  ---- Greek,                                                  169

  ---- Greek, Prices of,                                       385

  ---- Roman, in Black Ware,                                   373

  ---- Sepulchral, of Greek Pottery,                           616

  ---- Sepulchral, of Ancient Egypt,                           607

  ---- Teutonic, Hut-shaped,                                   580

  Vauxhall,                                                    380

  Venetians, The,                                              428

  Vengeance, Novel Mode of taking,                             586

  Ventriloquist, a Female,                                      62

  Vesuvius, Crater of, in 1829,                                165

  Vinegar on the Skin, Effect of,                              115

  Vishnu, Incarnations of,                                     645

  Volcanic Eruption in Japan,                                  601

  Volcano of Jurullo, Formation of the,                        163

  Volition, Suspended,                                         199

  Voltaire, English Letter of,                                 422

  Vow, Singular Hindoo,                                        658


  Wagers, Curious,                                             373

  Walking-Sticks, Old,                                         387

  Wall, Governor, Execution of,                                154

  Wallace, the Hero of Scotland,                                99

  War Boat, A Dyak, in Borneo,                                 540

  ---- Dance of the Dyaks of Borneo,                           540

  ---- Chariot of Ancient Egypt,                               365

  Warwick, the King-Maker,                                     527

  Washing Account, Method of Keeping,                            3

  Washington,                                                  583

  Watch, An Antique,                                           368

  ---- presented by Louis XIII. to Charles I. of England,      640

  Watches, the First in England,                               515

  Water for Old London, Supply of,                             282

  ---- Preservative Power of Coal-pit,                          25

  ---- Supply of, for London, in Olden Times,                  546

  ---- Snakes, Battle of,                                      470

  "We hae been",                                                47

  Weapon, Ancient,                                             660

  ---- A Poison,                                               672

  Weaver-Bird, The Sociable,                                   440

  Wedding, A, A Hundred Years Ago,                             640

  Weight, Reducing,                                             85

  Whipping Prisoners,                                          175

  Whitehall, Ceiling of,                                       121

  Whitsuntide, at Durham Cathedral,                              8

  Why a Man Measures more in the Morning than in the Evening,   75

  Wife, Diving for a,                                          479

  Wigs,                                                     17, 31

  Will, Eccentric,                                             209

  William the Conqueror, Courtship of,                         555

  Willow, Weeping, Introduction of the,                        148

  Wind Mills, The First,                                       577

  Witch-Testing, at Newcastle, in 1649,                         21

  Wolves in England,                                           441

  Woman, The Hairy, of Burmah,                                 677

  Woman's Cleverness,                                          260

  Women of England, The,                                       159

  ---- in Former Times,                                        127

  Wonderful Escape,                                       215, 300

  Wren's (Sir Christopher) Cost of Churches,                   171

  ---- ---- ---- Report,                                       183

  Writing Materials,                                           481

  Writings, Terra Cotta,                                       466


  Yorkshire Tike, The,                                          24

  Yorkshire in the Last Century,                               283




TEN THOUSAND WONDERFUL THINGS.


PUNISHMENTS IN PROVINCIAL TOWNS IN THE OLDEN TIME.

The instruments most in vogue with our ancestors were three--the
cucking-stool, the brank, and the tumbrel.

The Cucking-stool was used by the pond in many village greens about one
hundred years ago or little more, and then deemed the best corrective
of a scolding woman.

[Illustration: The Cucking-stool.]

By the sea, the quay offered a convenient spot. The barbican, at
Plymouth, was a locality, doubtless terrible to offenders, however
careless of committing their wordy nuisance of scolding. Two pounds
were paid for a cucking-stool at Leicester in 1768. Since that it
has been placed at the door of a notorious scold as a warning. Upon
admission to the House of Correction at Liverpool, a woman had to
undergo the severity of the cucking-stool till a little before the year
1803, when Mr. James Neild wrote to Dr. Lettsom. The pump in the men's
court was the whipping-post for females, which discipline continued,
though not weekly.

              _Kingston-upon-Thames._                   _s._  _d._

  1572, The making of the cucking-stool                   8    0
        Iron work for the same                            3    0
        Timber for the same                               7    6
        Three brasses for the same, and three wheels      4   10
                                                     -----------
                                                     £1   3    4

     At Marlborough, in 1625, a man had 4_d._ for his help at the
     cucking of Joan Neal.

              _Gravesend._

  1636, The porters for ducking of Goodwife Campion       2    0
        Two porters for laying up the ducking-stool       0    8

[Illustration: The Brank.]

The Brank, for taming shrews, was preferred to the cucking-stool in
some counties, and was used there for the same purpose. The brank was
in favour in the northern counties, and in Worcestershire, though there
were, notwithstanding, some of the other instruments of punishment
used, called in that county gum-stools.

The brank was put over the head, and was fastened with a padlock. There
are entries at Worcester about mending the "scould's bridle and cords
for the same."

The cucking-stool not only endangered the health of the party, but also
gave the tongue liberty 'twixt every dip. The brank was put over the
head, and was fastened with a padlock.

[Illustration: The Tumbrel.]

The tumbrel was a low-rolling cart or carriage (in law Latin,
_tumberella_) which was used as a punishment of disgrace and infamy.
Millers, when they stole corn, were chastised by the tumbrel. Persons
were sometimes fastened with an iron chain to a tumbrel, and conveyed
bareheaded with din and cry through the principal streets of towns.


_Court of Hustings Book, 1581._ (_Lyme._)

"The jury present that the tumbrel be repaired and maintained from time
to time, according to the statute."

In 1583, Mr. Mayor was to provide a tumbrel before All Saints Day,
under a penalty of 10_s._


ANCIENT METHOD OF KEEPING A WASHING ACCOUNT.

Shakerley Marmion, in his "Antiquary," says:--

  "I must rev'rence and prefer the precedent
  Times before these, which consum'd their wits in
  Experiments; and 'twas a virtuous
  Emulation amongst them, that nothing
  Which, might profit posterity should perish."

[Illustration: [++] Washing Tablet.]

Without a full adherence to this dictum, we would nevertheless admit
that we are indebted to the past for the germ of many of our most
important discoveries. The ancient washing tablet, although of humble
pretensions to notice, is yet a proof of the simple and effective means
frequently adopted in olden times for the economy of time and materials.

A reference to the engraving obviates a lengthened explanation. It
will there be seen that if the mistress of a family has fifteen
_pillow-covers, or so many collars, or so many bands_, to be mentioned
in the washing account, she can turn the circular dial, by means of
the button or handle, to the number corresponding with the rough
mark at the bottom of the dial, above which is written _sheets_,
_table-cloths_, &c. This simple and ingenious contrivance, obviates the
necessity of keeping a book.

The original "washing board," from which the engraving is taken, was of
a larger size, and showed the numbers very distinctly. Similar dials
may be made of either ivory or metal.


THE HAIR.

The quality and colour of the hair was a subject of speculative theory
for the ancients. Lank hair was considered indicative of pusillanimity
and cowardice; yet the head of Napoleon was guiltless of a curl!
Frizzly hair was thought an indication of coarseness and clumsiness.
The hair most in esteem, was that terminating in ringlets. Dares, the
historian, states that Achilles and Ajax Telamon had curling locks;
such also was the hair of Timon, the Athenian. As to the Emperor
Augustus, nature had favoured him with such redundant locks, that no
hair-dresser in Rome could produce the like. Auburn or light brown
hair was thought the most distinguished, as portending intelligence,
industry, a peaceful disposition, as well as great susceptibility to
the tender passion. Castor and Pollux had brown hair; so also had
Menelaus. Black hair does not appear to have been esteemed by the
Romans; but red was an object of aversion. Ages before the time of
Judas, red hair was thought a mark of reprobation, both in the case
of Typhon, who deprived his brother of the sceptre of Egypt, and
Nebuchadnezzar who acquired it in expiation of his atrocities. Even the
donkey tribe suffered from this ill-omened visitation, according to the
proverb of "wicked as a red ass." Asses of that colour were held in
such detestation among the Copths, that every year they sacrificed one
by hurling it from a high wall.


THE FIRST COFFEE HOUSE IN LONDON.

Coffee is a native of Arabia, supposed by some to have been the chief
ingredient of the old Lacedemonian broth. The use of this berry was not
known in England till the year 1657, at which time Mr. D. Edwards, a
Turkey merchant, on his return from Smyrna to London, brought with him
one Pasquet Rossee, a Greek of Ragusa, who was used to prepare this
liquor for his master every morning, who, by the way, never wanted
company. The merchant, therefore, in order to get rid of a crowd of
visitants, ordered his Greek to open a coffee-house, which he did in
St. Michael's Alley, in Cornhill. This was the first coffee-house
opened in London.


EATING FOR A WAGER.

The handbill, of which the subjoined is a literal copy, was circulated
by the keeper of the public-house at which the gluttony was to happen,
as an attraction for all the neighbourhood to witness:--

"_Bromley in Kent_, July 14, 1726.--A strange eating worthy is to
perform a Tryal of Skill on St. James's Day, which is the day of our
_Fair_ for a wager of Five Guineas,--viz.: he is to eat four pounds of
bacon, a bushel of French beans, with two pounds of butter, a quartern
loaf, and to drink a gallon of strong beer!"


FOX KILLED BY A SWAN.

At Peusey, a swan sitting on her eggs, on one side of the river,
observed a fox swimming towards her from the opposite side; rightly
judging she could best grapple with the fox in her own element, she
plunged into the water, and after beating him off for some time with
her wings, at length succeeded in drowning him.


HIGHWAYMEN IN 1782.

On Wednesday, the 9th January, 1782, about four o'clock in the
afternoon, as Anthony Todd, Esq., Secretary to the Post-office, was
going in his carriage to his house at Walthamstow to dinner, and
another gentleman with him, he was stopt within a small distance of his
house by two highwaymen, one of whom held a pistol to the coachman's
breast, whilst the other, with a handkerchief over his face, robbed
Mr. Todd and the gentleman of their gold watches and what money they
had about them. As soon as Mr. Todd got home all his men-servants were
mounted on horses, and pursued the highwaymen; they got intelligence
of their passing Lee-bridge, and rode on to Shoreditch; but could not
learn anything farther of them.

The same evening a gentleman going along Aldermanbury, near the church,
was accosted by a man with an enquiry as to the time; on which the
gentleman pulled out his gold watch. The man immediately said, "I
must have that watch and your money, sir, so don't make a noise." The
gentleman seeing nobody near, he delivered his gold watch and four
guineas, with some silver. The thief said he was in distress, and
hoped the gentleman would not take away his life if ever he had the
opportunity.

Sunday, the 13th January, 1782, about twelve o'clock, a man was, by
force, dragged up the yard of the French-Horn Inn, High Holborn, by
some person or persons unknown, and robbed of his watch, four guineas,
and some silver; when they broke his arm and otherwise cruelly treated
him. He was found by a coachman, who took him to the hospital.


AN ARCHBISHOP WASHING THE FEET OF THE POOR.

In the _Gentleman's Magazine_, we find the following
observance:--_Thursday, April 15, 1731_.--Being Maunday-Thursday, there
was distributed at the Banquetting-house, Whitehall, to forty-eight
poor men, and forty-eight poor women (the King's age 48) boiled beef
and shoulders of mutton, and small bowls of ale, which is called
dinner; after that, large wooden platters of fish and loaves, viz.,
undress'd, one large old ling, and one large dry'd cod; twelve red
herrings, and nineteen white herrings, and four half quartern loaves;
each person had one platter of this provision: after which was
distributed to them shoes, stockings, linnen and woolen cloath, and
leathern bags, with one penny, two penny, three penny, and four penny
pieces of silver, and shillings: to each about £4 in value. His Grace
the Lord Archbishop of York, Lord High Almoner, performed the annual
ceremony of washing the feet of a certain number of poor in the Royal
Chapel, Whitehall, which was formerly done by the Kings themselves, in
imitation of our Saviour's pattern of humility, &c. James II. was the
last King who performed this in person. His doing so was thus recorded
in the _Chapel Royal Register_.--"On Maunday Thursday April 16 1685 our
gracious King James y{e} 2{d} wash'd wip'd and kiss'd the feet of 52 poor
men w{th} wonderful humility. And all the service of the Church of
England usuall on that occasion was performed, his Maty being psent all
the time."


A LUCKY FIND.

_Sunday, April 1._--A few days ago, Sir Simon Stuart, of Hartley, in
Hampshire, looking over some old writings, found on the back of one
of them a memorandum noting that 1,500 broad pieces were buried in a
certain spot in an adjoyning field. Whereupon he took a servant, and
after digging a little in the place, found the treasure in a pot, hid
there in the time of the late civil wars, by his grandfather, Sir
Nicholas Stuart.--_Gentleman's Magazine_, 1733.


HOOPS IN 1740.

[Illustration: [++] Ladies Hoops in 1740.]

The monstrous appearance of the ladies' hoops, when viewed behind, may
be seen from the following cut, copied from one of Rigaud's views.
The exceedingly small cap, at this time fashionable, and the close
up-turned hair beneath it, give an extraordinary meanness to the head,
particularly when the liberality of gown and petticoat is taken into
consideration: the lady to the left wears a black hood with an ample
fringed cape, which envelopes her shoulders, and reposes on the summit
of the hoop. The gentleman wears a small wig and bag; the skirts of his
coat are turned back, and were sometimes of a colour different from the
rest of the stuff of which it was made, as were the cuffs and lappels.


SIEGE OF GIBRALTAR.

Gibraltar had been taken by a combined English and Dutch fleet in 1704,
and was confirmed as a British possession, in 1713, by the peace of
Utrecht; but in 1779 it was assailed by the united forces of France
and Spain, and the siege continued till the 2nd of February, 1783. The
chief attack was made on the 13th September, 1782. On the part of the
besiegers, besides stupendous batteries on the land side, mounting two
hundred pieces of ordnance, there was an army of 40,000 men, under the
command of the Duc de Crillon. In the bay lay the combined fleets of
France and Spain, comprising forty-seven sail of the line, beside ten
battering ships of powerful construction, that cost upwards of £50,000
each. From these the heaviest shells rebounded, but ultimately two of
them were set on fire by red-hot shot, and the others were destroyed to
prevent them from falling into the hands of the British commander. The
rest of the fleet also suffered considerably; but the defenders escaped
with very little loss. In this engagement 8,300 rounds were fired by
the garrison, more than half of which consisted of red-hot balls.
During this memorable siege, which lasted upwards of three years, the
entire expenditure of the garrison exceeded 200,000 rounds,--8,000
barrels of powder being used. The expenditure of the enemy, enormous
as this quantity is, must have been much greater; for they frequently
fired, from their land-batteries, 4,000 rounds in the short space of
twenty-four hours. Terrific indeed must have been the spectacle as the
immense fortress poured forth its tremendous volleys, and the squadron
and land-batteries replied with a powerful cannonade. But all this
waste of human life and of property was useless on the part of the
assailants; for the place was successfully held, and Gibraltar still
remains one of the principal strongholds of British power in Europe.

[Illustration: Saint George's Hall, Gibraltar.]

During the progress of the siege, the fortifications were considerably
strengthened, and numerous galleries were excavated in the solid rock,
having port-holes at which heavy guns were mounted, which, keeping up
an incessant fire, proved very efficacious in destroying the enemy's
encampments on the land side. Communicating with the upper tier of
these galleries are two grand excavations, known as Lord Cornwallis's
and St. George's Halls. The latter, which is capable of holding several
hundred men, has numerous pieces of ordnance pointed in various
directions, ready to deal destruction on an approaching enemy.


KEEPING WHITSUNTIDE AT DURHAM CATHEDRAL.

The following curious account of the consumption of provisions in the
cathedral of Durham, during Whitsun week, in 1347, together with the
prices of the articles, is taken from the rolls of the cellarer, at
present in the treasury at Durham:--six hundred salt herrings, 3s.;
four hundred white herrings, 2s. 6d.; thirty salted salmon, 7s. 6d.;
twelve fresh salmon, 5s. 6d.; fourteen ling, fifty-five "kelengs;"
four turbot, 23s. 1d.; two horse loads of white fish, and a "congr,"
5s. 10d.; "playc," "sparlings," and eels, and fresh water fish, 2s.
9d.; nine carcases of oxen, salted, so bought, 36s.; one carcase and
a quarter, fresh, 6s. 11-3/4d.; a quarter of an oxe, fresh, bought in
the town, 3s. 6d.; seven carcases and a half of swine, in salt, 22s.
2-1/4d.; six carcases, fresh, 12s. 9d.; fourteen calves, 28s. 4d.;
three kids, and twenty-six sucking porkers, 9s. 7-1/2d.; seventy-one
geese with their feed, 11s. 10d.; fourteen capons, fifty-nine chickens,
and five dozen pidgeons, 10s. 3d.; five stones of hog's lard, 4s. 2d.;
four stones of cheese, butter, and milk, 6s. 6d.; a pottle of vinegar,
and a pottle of honey, 6-1/2d.; fourteen pounds of figs and raisins,
sixteen pounds of almonds, and eight pounds of rice, 3s. 7d.; pepper,
saffron, cinnamon, and other spices, 2s. 6d.; one thousand three
hundred eggs, 15s. 5d.--sum total, £11 4s. Similar consumptions took
place during the week of the feast of St. Cuthbert, and other feasts,
among the monks of Durham, for a long period of years.


CURIOUS LAW.

The following curious law was enacted during the reign of Richard I.
for the government of those going by sea to the Holy Land:--"He who
kills a man on shipboard, shall be bound to the dead body and thrown
into the sea; if the man is killed on shore, the slayer shall be bound
to the dead body and buried with it. He who shall draw his knife to
strike another, or who shall have drawn blood from him, to lose his
hand; if he shall have only struck with the palm of his hand without
drawing blood, he shall be thrice ducked in the sea."


DECAPITATION BY THE GUILLOTINE.

A gentleman of intelligence and literary attainments, makes, in an
account of his travels on the continent, the following most singular
remarks on an execution he witnessed, in which the culprit was beheaded
by the guillotine:--"It appears," says he, "to be the best of all
possible modes of inflicting the punishment of death; combining the
greatest impression on the spectator, with the least possible suffering
to the victim. It is so rapid, that I should doubt whether there were
any suffering; but from the expression of the countenance, when the
executioner held up the head, I am inclined to believe that sense and
consciousness may remain for a few seconds after the head is off. The
eyes seemed to retain speculation for a moment or two, and there was a
look in the ghastly stare with which they stared upon the crowd, which
implied that the head was aware of its ignominious situation."


ALDERMAN BOYDELL.

It was the regular custom of Mr. Alderman Boydell, who was a very early
riser, at five o'clock, to go immediately to the pump in Ironmonger
Lane. There, after placing his wig upon the ball at the top of it, he
used to sluice his head with its water. This well-known and highly
respected character, who has done more for the British artist than all
the print-publishers put together, was also one of the last men who
wore a three-cornered hat.


FEATS OF STRENGTH IN 1739.

April 21.--The following notice was given to the public:--"For the
benefit of Thomas Topham, the strong man, from Islington, whose
performances have been looked upon by the Royal Society and several
persons of distinction, to be the most surprising as well as curious
of any thing ever performed in England; on which account, as other
entertainments are more frequently met with than that he proposes, he
humbly hopes gentlemen and ladies, &c., will honour him with their
presence at the Nag's Head, in Gateshead, on Monday the 23d of this
instant, at four o'clock, where he intends to perform several feats of
strength, viz.:--He bends an iron poker three inches in circumference,
over his arm, and one of two inches and a quarter round his neck; he
breaks a rope that will bear two thousand weight, and with his fingers
rolls up a pewter dish of seven pounds hard metal; he lays the back
part of his head on one chair, and his heels on another, and suffering
four men to stand on his body, he moves them up and down at pleasure;
he lifts a table six feet in length, by his teeth, with a half hundred
weight hanging at the further end of it; and, lastly, to oblige the
publick, he will lift a butt full of water." "Each person to pay one
shilling." This "strong man" fell a victim to jealousy, as is proved by
the following:--"August 10th, 1749, died, Mr. Thomas Topham, known by
the name of the strong man, master of a publick house in Shoreditch,
London. In a fit of jealousy, he stabbed his wife, then cut his own
throat and stabbed himself, after which he lived two days."


ELEPHANTS FRIGHTENED AT PIGS.

"Then on a tyme there were many grete clerkes and rad of kyng
Alysaunder how on a tyme as he sholde have a batayle with ye kynge
of Inde. And this kynge of Inde broughte with hym many olyphauntes
berynge castelles of tree on theyr backes as the kynde of the is to
haue armed knyghtes in ye castell for the batayle, them ne knewe
Alysaunder the kynge, of the olyphauntes that they drad no thynge more
than the jarrynge of swyne, wherefore he made to gader to gyder all
ye swyne that myghte be goten, and caused them to be dryuen as ny the
olyphauntes as they myghte well here the jarrynge of the swyne, and
thenne they made a pygge to crye, and whan the swyne herde the pygges a
none they made a great jarrynge, and as soone as the olyphauntes herde
that, they began to fle eche one, and keste downe the castelles and
slewe the knyghtes that were in them, and by this meane Alysaunder had
ye vyctory."--_Liber Festivalis, printed by W. Caxton in_ 1483.


A VISIT TO THE OBSERVATORY OF SIR ISAAC NEWTON.

The memory of a great and good man is imperishable. A thousand years
may pass away, but the fame that has survived the wreck of time remains
unsullied, and is even brighter with age.

        "The actions of the just
    Smell sweet, and blossom in the dust."

In an age of progress like our own we have frequently to regret the
destruction (sometimes necessary) of places associated with the genius
of the past; but in the case of Sir Isaac Newton we have several
relics existing, none of which, perhaps, are more interesting than
the house in which he resided, still standing in St. Martin's Street,
on the south side of Leicester Square. The engravings of the interior
and exterior of this building have been made from drawings made on
the spot. The house was long occupied as an hotel for foreigners, and
was kept by a M. Pagliano. In 1814 it was devoted to the purposes of
education. The Observatory, which is at the top, and where Sir Isaac
Newton made his astronomical researches, was left in a dilapidated
condition until 1824, when two gentlemen, belonging to a committee of
the school, had it repaired at their own expense, and wrote a brief
memoir of the philosopher, which was placed in the Observatory, with a
portrait of him.

[Illustration: Interior of Sir Isaac Newton's Observatory.]

[Illustration: House of Sir Isaac Newton, St. Martin's Street,
Leicester Square.]

In this house Sir Isaac Newton resided for many years; and it was
here, according to his biographer, that he dispensed, under the
superintendence of his beautiful niece, an elegant hospitality. Our
sketch gives a good idea of the appearance of the exterior of the
house at the present day; the front, it will be seen, has been well
plastered, which, although clean and pleasant-looking to some eyes,
seems to us to destroy the character of the building. The old doorway,
with a projecting top, has also been removed. The interior of the
house is in excellent repair, and has undergone very little change.
The cornices, panelling, and the spacious staircase, are not altered
since the days of Newton. The rooms are very large. Tradition states
it was in the back drawing-room that the manuscript of his work, the
"New Theory of Light and Colours," was destroyed by fire, caused by a
favourite little dog in Sir Isaac's absence. The name of this canine
incendiary was Diamond. The manner in which the accident occurred is
thus related:--The animal was wantoning about the philosopher's study,
when it knocked down a candle, and set fire to a heap of manuscript
calculations upon which he had been employed for years. The loss was
irretrievable; but Sir Isaac only exclaimed with simplicity, "Ah,
Diamond, Diamond, you little know what mischief you have been doing!"

Passing upstairs, and looking slightly at the various rooms, which
are all well panelled, but which do not require particular notice, we
reached the little observatory shown in the engraving. There, in the
room in which Sir Isaac has quietly studied, and in which he may have
held conferences with the most distinguished of his contemporaries,
we found two shoemakers busily at work, with whom we had some
pleasant conversation. Our artist has represented the interior of
the observatory, with its laborious occupants, worthy sons of St.
Crispin. Shoemakers are well known to be a thoughtful class of men,
although sometimes they unfortunately do not make the best use of their
knowledge. Brand, the historian and author of the excellent book on
"Popular Antiquities," was at one time a shoemaker; so was Bloomfield,
the poet, who, when working at the "last" in Bell Alley, near the Bank,
strung together the charming recollection of his plough-boy life. We
could give a long list of shoemakers who have been eminent for talents.

We have not the exact date at which Newton came to reside here, but
certainly he was living in this house, at intervals, after 1695, when
he was appointed Warder of the Mint, of which establishment he rose to
be Master in the course of three years. The emoluments of this office
amounted to £1200 a-year, which enabled him to live in ease and dignity.

In 1703 he was chosen President of the Royal Society--an honourable
post, to which he was annually elected until the time of his death.


POISONING THE MONARCH.

An idea of the popular notions about poisoning in the middle of the
seventeenth century, may be formed from the following extract from an
old tract, published in 1652, with the title of "Papa Patris, or the
Pope in his Colours":--"Anno Dom: 1596; one Edward Squire, sometimes a
scrivener at Grenewich, afterwards a deputy purveyor for the Queene's
stable, in Sir Francis Drake's last voyage was taken prisoner and
carried into Spaine, and being set at liberty, one Walpole, a Jesuite,
grew acquainted with him, and got him into the Inquisition, whence
he returned a resolved Papist, he persuaded Squire to undertake to
poyson the pummell of the Queene (Elizabeth's) saddle, and, to make
him constant, made Squire receive the Sacrament upon it; he then gave
him the poyson, showing that he should take it in a double bladder,
and should prick the bladder full of hoales in the upper part, when he
should use it (carrying it within a thick glove for the safety of his
hand) should after turne it downward, pressing the bladder upon the
pummell of the Queene's saddle. This Squire confest. Squire is now in
Spaine, and for his safer dispatch into England it was devised that
two Spanish prisoners taken at Cales should be exchanged for Squire
and one Rawles, that it might not be thought that Squire came over but
as a redeemed captive. The Munday sennight after Squire returned into
England, he, understanding the horses were preparing for the Queene's
riding abroad, laid his hand, and crushed the poyson upon the pummell
of the Queene's saddle, saying, 'God save the Queene,' the Queene
rode abroad, and as it should seem laid not her hand upon the place,
or els received no hurt (through God's goodnesse) by touching it.
Walpole, counting the thing as done, imparted it to some principall
fugitives there, but being disappointed of his hope, supposing Squire
to have been false, to be revenged on him sent one hither (who should
pretend to have stolne from thence) with letters, wherein the plot of
Squires was contained; this letter was pretended to be stolne out of
one of their studies. Squire, being apprehended, confessed all without
any rigor, but after denied that he put it in execution, although he
acknowledged he consented to it in the plot, at length he confessed the
putting it in execution also."


GRINNING FOR A WAGER.

_June 9, 1786._--On Whit-Tuesday was celebrated at Hendon, in
Middlesex, a burlesque imitation of the Olympic Games. One prize was a
gold-laced hat, to be grinned for by six candidates, who were placed on
a platform, with horses' collars to exhibit through. Over their heads
was printed in capitals,--

  Detur Tetriori; or
  The ugliest grinner
  Shall be the winner.

Each party grinned five minutes _solus_, and then all united in a
grand _chorus_ of distortion. This prize was carried by a porter to a
_vinegar_ merchant, though he was accused by his competitors of foul
play, for rinsing his mouth with _verjuice_. The whole was concluded
by a hog, with has tail shaved and soaped, being let loose among nine
peasants; any one of which that could seize him by the _queue_, and
throw him across his shoulders, was to have him for a reward. This
occasioned much sport: the animal, after running some miles, so tired
his hunters that they gave up the chase in despair. A prodigious
concourse of people attended, among whom were the Tripoline Ambassador,
and several other persons of distinction.


BITE OF THE TARANTULA SPIDER.

A Neapolitan soldier who had been bitten by a tarantula, though
apparently cured, suffered from an annual attack of delirium, after
which he used to sink into a state of profound melancholy; his face
becoming livid, his sight obscure, his power of breathing checked,
accompanied by sighs and heavings. Sometimes he fell senseless, and
devoid of pulsation; ejecting blood from his nose and mouth, and
apparently dying. Recourse was had to the influence of music; and the
patient began to revive at the sound, his hands marking the measure,
and the feet being similarly affected. Suddenly rising and laying hold
of a bystander, he began to dance with the greatest agility during
an uninterrupted course of four-and-twenty hours. His strength was
supported by administering to him wine, milk, and fresh eggs. If he
appeared to relapse, the music was repeated, on which he resumed his
dancing. This unfortunate being used to fall prostrate if the music
accidentally stopped, and imagine that the tarantula had again stung
him. After a few years he died, in one of these annual attacks of
delirium.


BYGONE CHRISTMAS CUSTOMS.

  ------------"Now, too, is heard
  The hapless cripple, tuning through the streets
  His _carol_ new; and oft, amid the gloom
  Of midnight hours, prevail th' accustom'd sounds
  Of wakeful _waits_, whose harmony (composed
  Of hautboy, organ, violin, and flute,
  And various other instruments of mirth),
  Is meant to celebrate the coming time."

[Illustration: The Mummers, Or Ancient Waits.]

The manner in which this period of the year has been observed has often
varied. The observances of the day first became to be pretty general
in the Catholic church about the year 300. By some of our ancestors
it was viewed in the double light of a religious and joyful season of
festivities. The midnight preceding Christmas-day every person went
to mass, and on Christmas-day three different masses were sung with
much solemnity. Others celebrated it with great parade, splendour, and
conviviality. Business was superseded by merriment and hospitality;
the most careworn countenance brightened on the occasion. The nobles
and the barons encouraged and participated in the various sports: the
industrious labourer's cot, and the residence of proud royalty, equally
resounded with tumultuous joy. From Christmas-day to Twelfth-day there
was a continued run of entertainments. Not only did our ancestors make
great rejoicings on, but before and after Christmas-day. By a law in
the time of Alfred, the "twelve days after the nativity of our Saviour
were made festivals;"[1] and it likewise appears from Bishop Holt, that
the whole of the days were dedicated to feasting.

[1] Thus we have the origin of Twelfth-day.

Our ancestors' various amusements were conducted by a sort of master
of the ceremonies, called the "Lord of Misrule," whose duty it was to
keep order during the celebration of the different sports and pastimes.
The universities, the lord mayor and sheriffs, and all noblemen and
gentlemen, had their "lords of misrule." These "lords" were first
preached against at Cambridge by the Puritans, in the reign of James
I., as unbecoming the gravity of the university.

[Illustration: The Lord of Misrule.]

The custom of serving boars' heads at Christmas bears an ancient date,
and much ceremony and parade has been occasionally attached to it.
Henry II. "served his son (upon the young prince's coronation) at the
table as server, bringing up the _boar's head_ with trumpets before it."

The custom of strolling from street to street with musical instruments
and singing seems to have originated from a very ancient practice
which prevailed, of certain minstrels who were attached to the king's
court and other great persons, who paraded the streets, and sounded the
hour--thus acting as a sort of watchmen. Some slight remains of these
still exist, but they no longer partake of the authoritative claim
as they originally did, as the "lord mayor's music," &c. It may not,
perhaps, be generally known, that even at the present day "waits" are
regularly sworn before the "court of burgesses" at Westminster, and act
under the authority of a warrant, signed by the clerk, and sealed with
the arms of the city and liberty; in addition to which, they were bound
to provide themselves with a silver badge, also bearing the arms of
Westminster.

In the north they have their _Yule log_, or _Yuletide log_, which is
a huge log burning in the chimney corner, whilst the Yule cakes are
baked on a "girdle," (a kind of frying-pan) over the fire; little lads
and maidens assemble nightly at some neighbouring friends to hear the
goblin story, and join in "fortune-telling," or some game. There is a
part of an old song which runs thus:

    "Now all our neighbours' chimneys smoke.
       And _Christmas logs_ are burning;
     Their ovens they with baked meate choke,
       And all their spits are turning."

Among the plants usual to Christmas are the rosemary, the holly, and
the mistletoe. Gay says:

    "When _rosemary_ and _bays_, the poet's crown,
     Are bawled in frequent cries through all the town,
     Then judge the festival of Christmas near--
     Christmas, the joyous period of the year.
     Now with bright _holly_ all your temples strow,
     With _laurel_ green and sacred _mistletoe_."


A MERMAN.

"The wind being easterly, we had thirty fathoms of water, when at ten
o'clock in the morning a sea monster like a man appeared near our ship,
first on the larboard, where the master was, whose name is William
Lomone, who took a grappling iron to pull him up; but our captain,
named Oliver Morin, hindered him, being afraid that the monster would
drag him away into the sea. The said Lomone struck him on the back, to
make him turn about, that he might view him the better. The monster,
being struck, showed his face, having his two hands closed as if he
had expressed some anger. Afterwards he went round the ship: when he
was at the stern, he took hold of the helm with both hands, and we
were obliged to make it fast lest he should damage it. From thence he
proceeded to the starboard, swimming still as men do. When he came
to the forepart of the ship, he viewed for some time the figure that
was in our prow, which represented a beautiful woman, and then he
rose out of the water as if he had been willing to catch that figure.
All this happened in the sight of the whole crew. Afterwards he came
again to the larboard, where they presented to him a cod-fish hanging
down with a rope; he handled it without spoiling it, and then removed
the length of a cable and came again to the stern, where he took hold
of the helm a second time. At that very moment, Captain Morin got a
harping-iron ready, and took it himself to strike him with it; but
the cordage being entangled, he missed his aim, and the harping-iron
touched only the monster, who turned about, showing his face, as he
had done before. Afterwards he came again to the fore part, and viewed
again the figure in our prow. The mate called for the harping-iron; but
he was frightened, fancying that this monster was one La Commune, who
had killed himself in the ship the year before, and had been thrown
into the sea in the same passage. He was contented to push his back
with the harping-iron, and then the monster showed his face, as he had
done at other times. Afterwards he came along the board, so that one
might have given him the hand. He had the boldness to take a rope held
up by John Mazier and John Deffiete, who being willing to pluck it out
of his hands, drew him to our board; but he fell into the water and
then removed at the distance of a gun's shot. He came again immediately
near our board, and rising out of the water to the navel, we observed
that his breast was as large as that of a woman of the best plight.
He turned upon his back and appeared to be a male. Afterwards he swam
again round the ship, and then went away, and we have never seen him
since. I believe that from ten o'clock till twelve that this monster
was along our board; if the crew had not been frighted, he might have
been taken many times with the hand, being only two feet distant.
That monster is about eight feet long, his skin is brown and tawny,
without any scales, all his motions are like those of men, the eyes
of a proportionable size, a little mouth, a large and flat nose, very
white teeth, black hair, the chin covered with a mossy beard, a sort of
whiskers under the nose, the ears like those of men, fins between the
fingers of his hands and feet like those of ducks. In a word, he is a
well-shaped man. Which is certified to be true by Captain Oliver Morin,
and John Martin, pilot, and by the whole crew, consisting of two and
thirty men."--_An article from Brest, in the Memoirs of Trevoux._--This
monster was mentioned in the Gazette of Amsterdam, October 12, 1725,
where it is said it was seen in the ocean in August, same year.


A SHAVED BEAR.

At Bristol I saw a shaved monkey shown for a fairy; and a shaved
bear, in a check waistcoat and trousers, sitting in a great chair
as an Ethiopian savage. This was the most cruel fraud I ever saw.
The unnatural position of the beast, and the damnable brutality of
the woman-keeper who sat upon his knee, put her arm round his neck,
called him husband and sweet-heart, and kissed him, made it the most
disgusting spectacle I ever witnessed! Cottle was with me.--_Southey._


THE ORIGIN OF WIGS.

As for the origin of wigs, the honour of the invention is attributed
to the luxurious Sapygians in Southern Italy. The Louvain theologians,
who published a French version of the Bible, affected, however, to
discover the first mention of perukes in a passage in the fourth
chapter of Isaiah. The Vulgate has these words: "Decalvabit Dominus
verticem filiarum Sion, et Dominus crinem earum nudabit." This, the
Louvain gentlemen translated into French as follows: "Le Seigneur
déchèvelera les têtes des filles de Sion, et le Seigneur découvrira
leurs perruques;" which, done into English, implies that "The Lord will
pluck the hair from the heads of the daughters of Sion, and will expose
their periwigs."


DRESS IN 1772.

[Illustration: [++] Maccaronies.]

The year 1772 introduced a new style for gentlemen, imported by a
number of young men of fashion who had travelled into Italy, and
formed an association called the Maccaroni Club, in contradistinction
to the Beef-steak Club of London. Hence these new-fashioned dandies
were styled Maccaronies, a name that was afterwards applied to ladies
of the same genus. The accompanying cut delineates the peculiarities
of both. The hair of the gentleman was dressed in an enormous toupee,
with very large curls at the sides; while behind it was gathered and
tied up into an enormous club, or knot, that rested on the back of
the neck like a porter's knot; upon this an exceedingly small hat
was worn, which was sometimes lifted from the head with the cane,
generally very long, and decorated with extremely large silk tassels;
a full white handkerchief was tied in a large bow round the neck;
frills from the shirt-front projected from the top of the waistcoat,
which was much shortened, reaching very little below the waist, and
being without the flap-covered pockets. The coat was also short,
reaching only to the hips, fitting closely, having a small turn-over
collar as now worn; it was edged with lace or braid, or decorated
with frog-buttons, tassels, or embroidery; the breeches were tight,
of spotted or striped silk, with enormous bunches of strings at the
knee. A watch was carried in each pocket, from which hung bunches of
chains and seals: silk stockings and small shoes with little diamond
buckles completed the gentleman's dress. The ladies decorated their
heads much like the gentlemen, with a most enormous heap of hair, which
was frequently surmounted by plumes of large feathers and bunches of
flowers, until the head seemed to overbalance the body. The gown was
open in front; hoops were discarded except in full-dress; and the gown
gradually spread outward from the waist, and trailed upon the ground
behind, shewing the rich laced petticoat ornamented with flowers and
needlework; the sleeves widened to the elbow, where a succession of
ruffles and lappets, each wider than the other, hung down below the
hips.


CHRISTMAS OBSERVANCES PUT DOWN BY THE PURITANS.

During the Commonwealth, when puritanical feelings held iron sway
over the rulers of the land, and rode rampant in high places, many
strong attempts were made to put down what they were pleased to term
superstitious festivals, and amongst these was that of Christmas
Day. So determined was the Puritan party to sweep away all vestiges
of evil creeds and evil deeds, that they were resolved to make one
grand attempt upon the time-honoured season of Christmas. The Holly
and the Mistletoe-bough were to be cut up root and branch, as plants
of the Evil One. Cakes and Ale were held to be impious libations to
superstition; and the Roundheads would have none of it.

[Illustration: Proclaiming the Non-observance of Christmas.]

Accordingly, we learn that, in the year 1647, the Cromwell party
ordered throughout the principal towns and cities of the country, by
the mouth of the common crier, that Christmas Day should no longer
be observed--it being a superstitious and hurtful custom; and that
in place thereof, and the more effectually to work a change, markets
should be held on the 25th day of December.

This was attacking the people, especially the country folks, in
their most sensitive part. It was hardly to be expected that they
would quietly submit to such a bereavement; nor did they, as the
still-existing "News-letters" of those days amply testify.


THE MANNER OF WATCHMEN INTIMATING THE CLOCK AT HERRENHUTH IN GERMANY.

  VIII. Past eight o'clock! O, Herrenhuth, do thou ponder;
        Eight souls in Noah's ark were living yonder.

  IX.   'Tis nine o'clock! ye brethren, hear it striking;
        Keep hearts and houses clean, to our Saviour's liking.

  X.    Now, brethren, hear, the clock is ten and passing;
        None rest but such as wait for Christ embracing.

  XI.   Eleven is past! still at this hour eleven,
        The Lord is calling us from earth to heaven.

  XII.  Ye brethren, hear, the midnight clock is humming;
        At midnight, our great Bridegroom will be coming.

  I.    Past one o'clock; the day breaks out of darkness:
        Great Morning-star appear, and break our hardness!

  II.   'Tis two! on Jesus wait this silent season,
        Ye two so near related, will and reason.

  III.  The clock is three! the blessed Three doth merit
        The best of praise, from body, soul, and spirit.

  IV.   'Tis four o'clock, when three make supplication,
        The Lord will be the fourth on that occasion.

  V.    Five is the clock! five virgins were discarded,
        When five with wedding garments were rewarded.

  VI.   The clock is six, and I go off my station;
        Now, brethren, _watch yourselves for your salvation_.


A DOG EXTINGUISHING A FIRE.

On the evening of the 21st February, 1822, the shop of Mr. Coxon,
chandler, at the Folly, Sandgate, in Newcastle, was left in charge of
his daughter, about nine years of age, and a large mastiff, which is
generally kept there as a safeguard since an attempt was made to rob
the shop. The child had on a straw bonnet lined with silk, which took
fire from coming too near the candle. She endeavoured to pull it off,
but being tied, she could not effect her purpose, and in her terror
shrieked out, on which the mastiff instantly sprang to her assistance,
and with mouth and paws completely smothered out the flame by pressing
the bonnet together. The lining of the bonnet and the child's hair only
were burnt.


CAMBRIDGE CLODS.

About sixty years since, two characters, equally singular in their way,
resided at Cambridge: Paris, a well-known bookseller, and Jackson, a
bookbinder, and principal bass-singer at Trinity College Chapel in that
University; these two gentlemen, who were both remarkably corpulent,
were such small consumers in the article of bread, that their
abstemiousness in that particular was generally noticed; but, to make
amends, they gave way to the greatest excess and indulgence of their
appetites in meat, poultry, and fish, of almost every description. So
one day, having taken an excursion, in walking a few miles from home,
they were overtaken by hunger, and, on entering a public-house, the
only provision they could procure was a clod of beef, weighing near
fourteen pounds, which had been a day or two in salt; and this these
two moderate bread consumers contrived to manage between them broiled,
assisted by a due proportion of buttered potatoes and pickles. The
landlord of the house, having some knowledge of his guests, the story
got into circulation, and the two worthies were ever after denominated
the Cambridge Clods!


WITCH-TESTING AT NEWCASTLE IN 1649.

March 26.--Mention occurs of a petition in the common council books
of Newcastle, of this date, and signed, no doubt, by the inhabitants,
concerning witches, the purport of which appears, from what followed,
to have been to cause all such persons as were suspected of that crime
to be apprehended and brought to trial. In consequence of this, the
magistrates sent two of their sergeants, viz.--Thomas Shevill and
Cuthbert Nicholson, into Scotland, to agree with a Scotchman, who
pretended knowledge to find out witches, by pricking them with pins, to
come to Newcastle, where he should try such who should be brought to
him, and to have twenty shillings a piece, for all he should condemn as
witches, and free passage thither and back again. When the sergeants
had brought the said witch-finder on horseback to town, the magistrates
sent their bellman through the town, ringing his bell and crying,
all people that would bring in any complaint against any woman for a
witch, they should be sent for, and tried by the person appointed.
Thirty women were brought into the town-hall, and stripped, and then
openly had pins thrust into their bodies, and most of them were found
guilty. The said reputed witch-finder acquainted Lieutenant-Colonel
Paul Hobson, deputy-governor of Newcastle, that he knew women whether
they were witches or no by their looks; and when the said person
was searching of a personable and good-like woman, the said colonel
replied, and said, surely this woman is none, and need not be tried,
but the Scotchman said she was, and, therefore, he would try her; and
presently, in the sight of all the people, laid her body naked to the
waist, with her cloathes over her head, by which fright and shame all
her blood contracted into one part of her body, and then he ran a pin
into her thigh, and then suddenly let her cloathes fall, and then
demanded whether she had nothing of his in her body, but did not bleed!
but she being amazed, replied little; then he put his hands up her
cloathes and pulled out the pin, and set her aside as a guilty person,
and child of the devil, and fell to try others, whom he made guilty.
Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson, perceiving the alteration of the aforesaid
woman, by her blood settling in her right parts, caused that woman to
be brought again, and her cloathes pulled up to her thigh, and required
the Scot to run the pin into the same place, and then it gushed out of
blood, and the said Scot cleared her, and said she was not a child of
the devil. The witch-finder set aside twenty-seven out of the thirty
suspected persons, and in consequence, fourteen witches and one wizard,
belonging to Newcastle, were executed on the town moor.


ALEXANDER SELKIRK AND THE DANCING GOATS.

The adventures of Alexander Selkirk, an English sailor, who, more than
one hundred and fifty years since, was left alone on the island of Juan
Fernandez are very wonderful.

This extraordinary man sought to beguile his solitude by rearing kids,
and he would often sing to them, and dance with his motley group around
him. His clothes having worn out, he dressed himself in garments made
from the skins of such as run wild about the island; these he sewed
together with thongs of the same material. His only needle was a long
slender nail; and when his knife was no longer available, he made an
admirable substitute from an iron hoop that was cast ashore.

[Illustration: [++] Alexander Selkirk.]

Upon the wonderful sojourn of this man, Defoe founded his exquisite
tale of "Robinson Crusoe," a narrative more extensively read and better
known than perhaps any other ever written.


JACOB BOBART.

A curious anecdote of Jacob Bobart, keeper of the physic garden at
Oxford, occurs in one of Grey's notes to _Hudibras_--"He made a dead
rat resemble the common picture of dragons, by altering its head and
tail, and thrusting in taper sharp sticks, which, distended the skin on
each side till it resembled wings. He let it dry as hard as possible.
The learned immediately pronounced it a dragon; and one of them sent
an accurate description of it to Dr. Magliabecchi, librarian to the
Grand Duke of Tuscany; several fine copies of verses were wrote on so
rare a subject; but at last Mr. Bobart owned the cheat. However, it was
looked upon as a masterpiece of the art; and, as such, deposited in the
Museum."


BLIND JACK.

[Illustration: [++] Blind Jack.]

The streets of London, in the reigns of Queen Anne and Georges I. and
II., were infested with all sorts of paupers, vagabonds, impostors,
and common adventurers; and many, who otherwise might be considered
real objects of charity, by their disgusting manners and general
appearance in public places, rather merited the interference of the
parish beadles, and the discipline of Bridewell, than the countenance
and encouragement of such persons as mostly congregated around common
street exhibitions. One-eyed Granny and Blind Jack were particular
nuisances to the neighbourhoods in which the first practised her
mad-drunk gambols, and the latter his beastly manner of performing on
the flageolet. John Keiling, alias _Blind Jack_, having the misfortune
to lose his sight, thought of a strange method to insure himself a
livelihood. He was constitutionally a hale, robust fellow, without
any complaint, saving blindness, and having learnt to play a little
on the flageolet, he conceived a notion that, by performing on that
instrument in a different way to that generally practised, he should
render himself more noticed by the public, and be able to levy larger
contributions on their pockets.

The manner of _Blind Jack's_ playing the flageolet was by obtruding
the mouthpiece of the instrument up one of his nostrils, and, by long
custom, he could produce as much wind as most others with their lips
into the pipe; but the continued contortion and gesticulation of his
muscles and countenance rendered him an object of derision and disgust,
as much as that of charity and commiseration.


THE YORKSHIRE TIKE.

    Ah iz i truth a country youth,
    Neean us'd teea Lunnon fashions;
    Yet vartue guides, an' still presides,
    Ower all mah steps an' passions.

    Neea coortly leear, bud all sincere,
    Neea bribe shall ivver blinnd me,
    If thoo can like a Yorkshire tike,
    A rooague thoo'll nivver finnd me.

    Thof envy's tung, seea slimlee hung,
    Wad lee aboot oor country,
    Neea men o' t' eearth booast greter wurth,
    Or mare extend ther boounty.

    Oor northern breeze wi' uz agrees,
    An' does for wark weel fit uz;
    I' public cares, an' all affairs,
    Wi' honour we acquit uz.

    Seea gret a moind is ne'er confiand,
    Tu onny shire or nation;
    They geean meeast praise weea weel displays
    A leearned iddicasion.

    Whahl rancour rolls i' lahtle souls,
    By shallo views dissarning,
    They're nobbut wise 'at awlus prize
    Gud manners, sense, and leearnin.


TWO OF THE FATHERS ON FALSE HAIR.

Tertullian says, "If you will not fling away your false hair, as
hateful to Heaven, cannot I make it hateful to yourselves, by reminding
you that the false hair you wear may have come not only from a
criminal, but from a very dirty head; perhaps from the head of one
already damned?" This was a very hard hit indeed; but it was not nearly
so clever a stroke at wigs as that dealt by Clemens of Alexandria. The
latter informed the astounded wig-wearers, when they knelt at church
to receive the blessing, that they must be good enough to recollect
that the benediction remained on the wig, and did not pass through
to the wearer! This was a stumbling-block to the people; many of
whom, however, retained the peruke, and took their chance as to the
percolating through it of the benediction.


FOOD OF ANIMALS.

Linnæus states the cow to eat 276 plants, and to refuse 218; the goat
eats 449, and declines 126; the sheep takes 387, and rejects 141;
the horse likes 262, and avoids 212; but the hog, more nice in its
provision than any of the former, eats but 72 plants, and rejects 171.


SLAVE ADVERTISEMENTS.

The following announcements are curious, as showing the merchandise
light in which the negro was regarded in America while yet a colony of
Great Britain:--

  _FRANCIS LEWIS, Has for SALE_,

  A Choice Parcel of Muscovado and Powder Sugars, in Hogsheads,
  Tierces, and Barrels; Ravens, Duck, and a Negro Woman and Negro
  Boy.--The Coach-House and Stables, with or without the Garden
  Spot, formerly the Property of Joseph Murray, Esq; in the Broad
  Way, to be let separately or together:--Inquire of said Francis
  Lewis.

  _New York Gazette_, Apr. 25, 1765.

       *       *       *       *       *

  This Day Run away from _John M' Comb_, Junier, an Indian Woman,
  about 17 Years of Age, Pitted in the face, of a middle Stature and
  Indifferent fatt, having on her a Drugat, Wastcoat, and Kersey
  Petticoat, of a Light Collour. If any Person or Persons, shall
  bring the said Girle to her said Master, shall be Rewarded for
  their Trouble to their Content.

  _American Weekly Mercury_, May 24, 1726.

       *       *       *       *       *

  A Female Negro Child (of an extraordinary good Breed) to be given
  away; Inquire of Edes and Gill.

  _Boston Gazette_, Feb. 25, 1765.

       *       *       *       *       *

  _To be Sold, for want of Employ._

  A Likely Negro Fellow, about 25 Years of Age, he is an
  extraordinary good Cook, and understands setting or tending a
  Table very well, likewise all Kind of House Work, such as washing,
  scouring, scrubbing, &c. Also a Negro Wench his Wife, about 17
  Years old, born in this City, and understands all Sorts of House
  Work. For farther Particulars inquire of the Printer.

  _New York Gazette_, Mar. 21, 1765.


PRESERVATIVE POWER OF COAL-PIT WATER.

The following is extracted from the register of St. Andrew's, in
Newcastle:--"April 24th, 1695, wear buried, James Archer and his son
Stephen, who, in the moneth of May, 1658, were drowned in a coal-pit
in the Galla-Flat, by the breaking in of water from an old waste. The
bodys were found intire, after they had lyen in the water 36 years and
11 months."


THE QUEEN BEE.

Reaumur relates the following anecdote of which he was a witness:--A
queen bee, and some of her attendants, were apparently drowned in a
brook. He took them out of the water, and found that neither the queen
bee, nor her attendants were quite dead. Reaumur exposed them to a
gentle heat, by which they were revived. The plebeian bees recovered
first. The moment they saw signs of animation in their queen, they
approached her, and bestowed upon her all the care in their power,
licking and rubbing her; and when the queen had acquired sufficient
force to move, they hummed aloud, as if in triumph!


DREAM OF KING HENRY I.

A singular dream, which happened to this monarch when passing over
to Normandy in 1130, has been depicted in a manuscript of Florence
of Worcester, in Corpus Christi College, Oxford. The rapacity and
oppressive taxation of his government, and the reflection forced on
him by his own unpopular measures, may have originated the vision. He
imagined himself to have been visited by the representatives of the
three most important grades of society--the husbandmen, the knights,
and the clergy--who gathered round his bed, and so fearfully menaced
him, that he awoke in great alarm, and, seizing his sword, loudly
called for his attendants. The drawings that accompany this narrative,
and represent each of these visions, appear to have been executed
shortly afterwards, and are valuable illustrations of the general
costume of the period. One of them is introduced in this place.

[Illustration: [++] King Henry I. Dreaming.]

The king is here seen sleeping; behind him stand three husbandmen,
one carrying a scythe, another a pitchfork, and the third a shovel.
They are each dressed in simple tunics, without girdles, with plain
close-fitting sleeves; the central one has a mantle fastened by a
plain brooch, leaving the right arm free. The beards of two of these
figures are as ample as those of their lords, this being an article
of fashionable indulgence within their means. The one with the scythe
wears a hat not unlike the felt hat still worn by his descendants in
the same grade: the scroll in his left hand is merely placed there to
contain the words he is supposed to utter to the king.


SEPULCHRAL BARROW OF THE ANGLO-SAXONS.

The engraving on the next page is copied from a plate in Douglas's
_Neniæ_ and represents one of the most ancient of the Kentish barrows
opened by him in the Chatham Lines, Sept. 1779; and it will enable the
reader at once to understand the structure of these early graves, and
the interesting nature of their contents. The outer circle marks the
extent of the mound covering the body, and which varied considerably in
elevation, sometimes being but a few inches or a couple of feet from
the level of the ground, at others of a gigantic structure. In the
centre of the mound, and at the depth of a few feet from the surface,
an oblong rectangular grave is cut, the space between that and the
outer circle being filled in with chalk, broken into small bits, and
deposited carefully and firmly around and over the grave. The grave
contained the body of a male adult, tall and well-proportioned, holding
in his right hand a spear, the shaft of which was of wood, and had
perished, leaving only the iron head, 15 inches in length, and at the
bottom a flat iron stud (_a_), having, a small pin in the centre, which
would appear to have been driven into the bottom of the spear-handle;
an iron knife lay by the right side, with remains of the original
handle of wood. Adhering to its under side were very discernible
impressions of coarse linen cloth, showing that the warrior was buried
in full costume. An iron sword is on the left side, thirty-five and
a quarter inches in its entire length, from the point to the bottom
of the handle, which is all in one piece, the wood-work which covered
the handle having perished; the blade thirty inches in length and two
in breadth, flat, double-edged, and sharp-pointed, a great portion of
wood covering the blade, which indicates that it was buried with a
scabbard, the external covering being of leather, the internal of wood.
A leathern strap passed round the waist, from which hung the knife and
sword, and which was secured by the brass buckle (_b_), which was found
near the last bone of the vertebræ, or close to the os sacrum. Between
the thigh-bones lay the iron umbo of a shield, which had been fastened
by studs of iron, four of which were found near it, the face and
reverse of one being represented at (_c_.) A thin plate of iron (_d_),
four and a half inches in length, lay exactly under the centre of the
umbo, having two rivets at the end, between which and the umbo were
the remnants of the original wooden (and perhaps hide-bound) shield;
the rivets of the umbo having apparently passed through the wood to
this plate as its bracer or stay. In a recess at the feet was placed a
vase of red earth, slightly ornamented round the neck with concentric
circles and zigzag lines.

[Illustration: [++] Anglo-Saxon Sepulchral Barrow.]


AN OLD GANDER.

Willoughby states in his work on Ornithology, that a friend of his
possessed a gander eighty years of age; which in the end became so
ferocious that they were forced to kill it, in consequence of the
havock it committed in the barn-yard. He also talks of a swan three
centuries old; and several celebrated parrots are said to have attained
from one hundred to one hundred and fifty years.


EXTRAORDINARY SLEEPER.

M. Brady, Physician to Prince Charles of Lorraine, gives the following
particulars of an extraordinary sleeper:--

"A woman, named Elizabeth Alton, of a healthful strong constitution,
who had been servant to the curate of St. Guilain, near the town
of Mons, about the beginning of the year 1738, when she was about
thirty-six years of age grew extremely restless and melancholy. In
the month of August, in the same year, she fell into a sleep which
held four days, notwithstanding all possible endeavours to awake her.
At length she awoke naturally, but became more restless and uneasy
than before; for six or seven days, however, she resumed her usual
employments, until she fell asleep again, which continued eighteen
hours. From that time to the year 1753, which is fifteen years, she
fell asleep daily about three o'clock in the morning, without waking
until about eight or nine at night. In 1754 indeed her sleep returned
to the natural periods for four months, and, in 1748, a tertian ague
prevented her sleeping for three weeks. On February 20, 1755, M. Brady,
with a surgeon, went to see her. About five o'clock in the evening,
they found her pulse extremely regular; on taking hold of her arm it
was so rigid, that it was not bent without much trouble. They then
attempted to lift up her head, but her neck and back were as stiff as
her arms. He hallooed in her ear as loud as his voice could reach; he
thrust a needle into her flesh up to the bone; he put a piece of rag
to her nose flaming with spirits of wine, and let it burn some time,
yet all without being able to disturb her in the least. At length, in
about six hours and a half, her limbs began to relax; in eight hours
she turned herself in the bed, and then suddenly raised herself up,
sat down by the fire, ate heartily, and began to spin. At other times,
they whipped her till the blood came; they rubbed her back with honey,
and then exposed it to the stings of bees; they thrust nails under her
finger-nails; and it seems these triers of experiments consulted more
the gratifying their own curiosity than the recovery of the unhappy
object of the malady."


A FAT ENGLISHMAN.

Keysler, in his travels, speaks of a corpulent Englishman, who in
passing through Savoy, was obliged to make use of twelve chairmen. He
is said to have weighed five hundred and fifty pounds, or thirty-nine
stone four pounds.


A HAPPY FAMILY.

A gentleman travelling through Mecklenburg, some years since, witnessed
a singular association of incongruous animals. After dinner, the
landlord of the inn placed on the floor a large dish of soup, and gave
a loud whistle. Immediately there came into the room a mastiff, an
Angora cat, an old raven, and a remarkably large rat, with a bell about
its neck. They all four went to the dish, and, without disturbing each
other, fed together; after which the dog, cat, and rat, lay before
the fire, while the raven hopped about the room. The landlord, after
accounting for the familiarity of these animals, informed his guest
that the rat was the most useful of the four; for the noise he made had
completely freed his house from the rats and mice with which it was
before infested.


ANCIENT FIRE-ARMS IN THE TOWER OF LONDON ARMORY.

We have just now before us a drawing of an old piece of ordnance,
formed of bars of iron, strongly hooped with the same material, which
forms a striking contrast with the finely-wrought cannons which may be
seen in store at Woolwich Arsenal, and elsewhere, at the present day.
The exact date and manner of the introduction of cannon is a matter
which has caused much dispute. The earliest mention of the use of
cannon on shipboard is in Rymer's "Foedera." It is an order to Henry
Somer, Keeper of the Private Wardrobe in the Tower, to deliver to Mr.
Goveney, Treasurer to Queen Philippa, Queen of Sweeden, Denmark, and
Norway, (who was then sent by her uncle, Henry the Fourth, to her
husband, in the ship called the Queen's Hall,) the following military
stores: 11 guns, 40 petras pro gunnes, 40 tumpers, 4 torches, 1 mallet,
2 fire-pans, 40 pavys, 24 bows, 40 sheaves of arrows.

After the old cannon composed of bars of iron, hooped together, had
been some time in use, hand-cannon, a simple tube fixed on a straight
stake, was used in warfare, charged with gunpowder and an iron bullet.
This was made with trunnions and casabel precisely like the large
cannon. In course of time, the touch-hole was improved, and the barrel
cast in brass. This, fixed to a rod, had much the appearance of a large
sky-rocket. What is now called the stock was originally called the
frame of the gun.

Various improvements were from time to time made in the hand-gun,
amongst which was a pan fixed for containing the touch-powder. In rainy
weather, this became a receptacle for water; to obviate which, a small
piece of brass made to turn on a pin was placed as a cover. This done,
there was a difficulty in preserving the aim in consequence of the
liability of the eye to be diverted from the sight by the motion of the
right hand when conveying the lighted match to the priming. This was,
to a certain extent, prevented by a piece of brass being fixed to the
breech and perforated. The improved plan for holding the lighted match
for firing the hand-guns is shown in the engraving of the Buckler and
Pistol; it consists of a thin piece of metal something in shape of an S
reversed, the upper part slit to hold the match, the lower pushed up by
the hand when entended to ignite the powder.

After the invention of the hand-cannon, its use became general in a
very short space of time in most parts of the civilized world.

Philip de Comines, in his account of the battle of Morat, in 1476, says
he encountered in the confederate army 10,000 _arquebusiers_.

The arquebusiers in Hans Burgmain's plates of the "Triumph of
Maximilian the First," have suspended from their necks large powder
flasks or horns, a bullet bag on the right hip, and a sword on the
left, while they carry the matchlock in their hands.

Henry the Eighth's Walking-stick, as the Yeomen of Guard at the Tower
call it, is a short spiked mace, in the head of which are three short
guns or pistols, which may be fired at very primitive touch-holes by a
match.

The Revolver has four barrels, and although clumsy in construction, is
not very different in principles from those recently introduced.

[Illustration: 1. Henry the Eighth's Walking-stick. 2. A Revolver of
the Fifteenth century. 3. Buckler, with Pistol inserted.]

The use of the pistol inserted inside the buckler is obvious as the
latter affords protection to the person while using the former.


WIGS.

[Illustration: [++] Wigs.]

In 1772 the Maccaronies, as the exquisites of that time were called,
wore wigs similar to 1, 2, 3, with a large toupee, noticed as early as
1731, in the play of the _Modern Husband_: "I meet with nothing but a
parcel of _toupet_ coxcombs, who plaster up their brains upon their
periwigs," alluding to the pometum with which they were covered. Those
worn by the ladies in 1772 are given as 4, showing the rows of curls at
the sides. The pig-tails were worn hanging down the back, or tied up in
a knot behind, as in 5. About 1780 the hair which formed it was allowed
to stream in a long lock down the back, as in 6, and soon afterwards
was turned up in a knot behind. Towards the end of the century, the
wig, as a general and indispensable article of attire to young and old,
went out of fashion.


A FALSE FIND.

At Falmouth, some years ago, the sexton found coal in digging a grave;
he concluded it must be a mine, and ran with the news and the specimen
to the clergyman. The surgeon explained that they had stolen a French
prisoner who died, and filled his coffin with coal that the bearers
might not discover its emptiness.


BELLS.

As far back as the Anglo-Saxon times, before the conclusion of the
seventh century, bells had been in use in the churches of this country,
particularly in the monastic societies of Northumbria; and were,
therefore, in use from the first erection of parish churches among us.
Those of France and England appear to have been furnished with several
bells. In the time of Clothaire II., King of France, and in the year
610, the army of that king was frightened from the siege of the city of
Sens, by ringing the bells of St. Stephen's Church. They were sometimes
composed of iron in France; and in England, as formerly at Rome, they
were frequently made of brass. And as early as the ninth century many
were cast of a large size and deep note.

Weever, in his work on funeral monuments, says--"In the little
sanctuary at Westminster, King Edward III., erected a clochier, and
placed therein three bells, for the use of St. Stephen's Chapel. About
the biggest of them were cast in the metal these words:--

    "King Edward made mee thirty thousand weight and three;
     Take me down and wey mee, and more you shall find mee."

"But these bells being taken down in the reign of Henry VIII., one
wrote underneath with a coal:--

    "But Henry the Eight,
     Will bait me of my weight."

This last distich alludes to a fact mentioned by Stow, in his survey
of London--ward of Farringdon Within to wit--that near to St. Paul's
School stood a clochier, in which were four bells, called _Jesus'
bells_, the greatest in all England, against which Sir Miles Partridge
staked an hundred pounds, and won them of Henry VIII., at a cast of
dice.

Matthew Paris observes, that anciently the use of bells was prohibited
in time of mourning. Mabillon adds, that it was an old practice to
ring the bells for persons about to expire, to advertise the people
to pray for them--whence our passing-bell. The passing-bell, indeed,
was anciently for two purposes--one to bespeak the prayers of all good
Christians for a soul just departing; the other to drive away the evil
spirits who were supposed to stand at the bed's foot.

This dislike of spirits to bells is mentioned in the Golden Legend, by
Wynkyn de Worde. "It is said, evill spirytes that ben in the regyon
of thayre, doubte moche when they here the belles rongen; and this is
the cause why the belles ben rongen when it thondreth, and when grete
tempeste and outrages of wether happen; to the ende that the fiends and
wycked spirytes shold be abashed and flee, and cease of the movynge of
tempeste." Another author observes, that the custom of ringing bells at
the approach of thunder is of some antiquity; but that the design was
not so much to shake the air, and so dissipate the thunder, as to call
the people to church, to pray that the parish might be preserved from
the terrible effect of lightning.

Warner, in his history of Hampshire, enumerates the virtues of a bell,
by translating the lines from the "Helpe to Discourse:--

    "Men's death's I tell by doleful knell;
     Lightning and thunder I break asunder.
     On Sabbath all to church I call;
     The sleepy head I raise from bed;
     The winds so fierce I doe disperse;
     Men's cruel rage I doe assuage."

[Illustration: The Curfew Bell.]

Four of the bells of the ancient Abbey of Hexham were dedicated or
baptised; and although the old bells no longer exist, the legends upon
the whole six have been preserved, and a free translation given by Mr.
Wright, is as follows:--

    1. Even at our earliest sound,
       The light of God is spread around.

    2. At the echo of my voice,
       Ocean, earth and air, rejoice.

    3. Blend thy mellow tones with mine,
       Silver voice of Catherine!

    4. Till time on ruin's lap shall nod.
       John shall sound the praise of God.

    5. With John in heavenly harmony,
       Andrew, pour thy melody.

    6. Be mine to chant Jehovah's fame,
       While Maria is my name.

These epigraphs or legends on bells, are not uncommon. The Rev. W. C.
Lukis, in his notices on church bells, read at the Wilts Archæological
Meeting, gave the following instances:--

At Aldbourne, on the first bell, we read, "The gift of Jos. Pizzie and
Wm. Gwynn.

    "Music and ringing we like so well,
     And for that reason we gave this bell."

On the fourth bell is,--

    "Humphry Symsin gave xx pound to buy this bell,
     And the parish gave xx more to make this ring go well."

A not uncommon epigraph is,--

    "Come when I call
     To serve God all."

At Chilton Foliatt, on the tenor, is,--

    "Into the church the living I call,
     And to the grave I summon all.
     Attend the instruction which I give,
     That so you may for ever live."

At Devizes, St. Mary, on the first bell, is,--

    "I am the first, altho' but small.
     I will be heard above you all."

And on the second bell is,--

    "I am the second in this ring,
     Therefore next to thee I will sing."

Which, at Broadchalk, is thus varied:--

    "I in this place am second bell,
     I'll surely do my part as well."

On the third bell at Coln is,--

    "Robert Forman collected the money for casting this bell
     Of well-disposed people, as I do you tell."

At Bath Abbey, on the tenth bell, is,--

    "All you of Bath that hear me sound,
     Thank Lady Hopton's hundred pound."

On the fifth bell at Amesbury is,--

    "Be strong in faith, praise God well,
     Frances Countess Hertford's bell."

And, on the tenor,--

    "Altho' it be unto my loss,
     I hope you will consider my cost."

At Stowe, Northamptonshire, and at St. Mary the Virgin, Oxford, we
find,--

    "Be it known to all that doth me see,
     That Newcombe, of Leicester, made me."

At St. Michael's, Coventry, on the fourth bell, is,--

    "I ring at six to let men know
     When to and from their work to go."

On the seventh bell is,--

    "I ring to Sermon with a lusty bome,
     That all may come and none can stay at home."

On the eighth bell is--

    "I am and have been called the common bell
     To ring, when fire breaks out to tell."

At St. Peter's-le-Bailey, Oxford, four bells were sold towards
finishing the tower, and in 1792 a large bell was put up, with this
inscription:--

    "With seven more I hope soon to be
     For ages joined in harmony."

But this very reasonable wish has not yet been realized; whereas at St.
Lawrence's, Reading, when two bells were added to form a peal of ten,
on the second we find--

    "By adding two our notes we'll raise,
     And sound the good subscribers' praise."

The occasion of the erection of the Westminster Clock-tower, is said
to have been as follows:--A certain poor man, in an action for debt,
being fined the sum of 13s. 4d., Radulphus Ingham, Chief Justice of
the King's Bench, commiserating his case, caused the court roll to
be erased, and the fine reduced to 6s. 8d., which being soon after
discovered, Ingham was amerced in a pecuniary mulct of eight hundred
marks, which was employed in erecting the said bell-tower, in which
was placed a bell and a clock, which, striking hourly, was to remind
the judges in the hall of the offence of their brother. This bell was
originally called Edward; "but," says a writer in the "Antiquarian
Repertory," "when the Reformation caused St. Edward and his hours to
be but little regarded; as other bells were frequently called Tom, as
fancied to pronounce that name when stricken--that at Lincoln, for
instance, and that at Oxford--this also followed the fashion, of which,
to what I remember of it before it was hung up, I may add another proof
from a catch made by the late Mr. Eccles, which begins--

    "'Hark, Harry, 'tis late--'tis time to be gone,
      For Westminster Tom, by my faith, strikes one."

Hawkins, in his "History of Music," says,--"The practice of ringing
bells in change, or regular peals, is said to be peculiar to England:
whence Britain has been termed the _ringing island_. The custom seems
to have commenced in the time of the Saxons, and was common before the
Conquest. The ringing of bells, although a recreation chiefly of the
lower sort, is, in itself, not incurious. The tolling of a bell is
nothing more than the producing of a sound by a stroke of the clapper
against the side of the bell, the bell itself being in a pendant
position, and at rest. In ringing, the bell, by means of a wheel and
a rope, is elevated to a perpendicular; in its motion, the clapper
strikes forcibly on one side, and in its return downwards, on the
other side of the bell, producing at each stroke a sound." There are
still in London several societies of ringers. There was one called the
College Youths (bell-ringers, like post-boys, never seem to acquire old
age). Of this it is said Sir Matthew Hale, Lord Chief Justice of the
King's Bench, was, in his youthful days, a member; and in the life of
that upright judge, by Burnet, some facts are mentioned which favour
this relation. In England the practice of ringing has been reduced to
a science, and peals have been composed which bear the names of their
inventors; some of the most celebrated of these were composed about
fifty years ago by one Patrick. This man was a maker of barometers.
In the year 1684, one Abraham Rudhall, of the city of Gloucester,
brought the art of bell-founding to great perfection. His descendants
in succession have continued the business of casting bells; and by a
list published by them at Lady Day, 1774, the family, in peals and odd
bells, had cast to the amount of 3,594. The peals of St. Dunstan's
in the East, St. Bride's, London, and St. Martin's-in-the-Fields,
are among the number. The following "Articles of Ringing" are upon
the walls of the belfry in the pleasant village of Dunster, in
Somersetshire. They are dated 1787:--

    "1. You that in ringing take delight,
          Be pleased to draw near;
        These articles you must observe,
          If you mean to ring here.

    "2. And first, if any overturn
          A bell, as that he may,
        He forthwith for that only fault
          In beer shall sixpence pay.

    "3. If any one shall curse or swear
          When come within the door,
        He then shall forfeit for that fault
          As mentioned before.

    "4. If any one shall wear his hat
          When he is ringing here,
        He straightway then shall sixpence pay
          In cyder or in beer.

    "5. If any one these articles
          Refuseth to obey,
        Let him have nine strokes of the rope,
          And so depart away."


BILL OF SALE FOR A NEGRO IN 1770.

"Know all Men by these Presents, That I, Elizabeth Treat, of Boston,
in the county of Suffolk, widow, in consideration of the sum of £25
13s. 4d. to me in hand, paid before the ensealing hereof by Samuel
Breck, of Boston aforesaid, merchant, the receipt whereof I do hereby
acknowledge, have granted, bargained, and sold, and by these presents
do fully and absolutely grant, bargain, and sell unto the said Samuel
Breck, my Negro man named Harry, aged about forty years, with his
apparel, to have and to hold the said Negro man Harry, with his
apparel, unto the said Samuel Breck, his executors, administrators,
and assigns, to his and their only proper use, benefit, and behoof for
ever; And I, the said Elizabeth Treat, for myself, my heirs, executors,
and administrators, do covenant, that at the time of ensealing, and
until the delivery hereof, I am the true and lawful owner of the said
Negro man, and that he is free from all former sales, charges, and
incumbrances whatsoever, and that I will warrant and defend the said
Negro man unto the said Samuel Breck, his heirs, and assigns for ever,
against the lawful claims and demands of all persons whomsoever.

"Witness my hand and seal, this tenth day of October, Anno Domini, one
thousand seven hundred and seventy, in the tenth year of His Majesty's
reign.

"Signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of us.

  "THOMAS MELVILLE.
  "MARY WHITE.
  "ELIZABETH TREAT."


THE AZTEC CHILDREN.

[Illustration: The Aztec Children, As Exhibited in England.]

Among the animated curiosities which are occasionally exposed to
the gaze of the wonder-loving public, we may prominently notice the
AZTEC CHILDREN--two singular Lilliputians who were recently exhibited
throughout the kingdom. Maximo and Bartolo (for by these names the two
Aztec children have been baptized) are by some medical men supposed
to be of the respective ages of twenty-two and sixteen. Professor
Owen, stated them to be ten or twelve, and seven or nine in 1853. The
height of the boy (the elder is about three feet, and the girl does
not reach quite two feet six inches). Their limbs, though slender,
are proportionate and well formed, and the general development of
their figures is remarkably graceful. The cranium is peculiar, being
narrower than that of any other races of beings known to the world;
and though the face is somewhat prominent, the features are regular
and the countenances agreeable, and, after a short acquaintance,
highly interesting. Each has a beautiful head of jet black hair, which
flows gracefully in curls. They are lively and intelligent, showing
considerable aptitude for mental training, and have already learned to
give utterance to several expressions which can be readily understood
by visitors.

Since the arrival of these prodigies from the United States, they have
been the objects of curious ethnological speculations. Dr. Latham does
not consider them as a new species of the _genus homo_. Professor Owen
regards them as instances of impeded development, and Dr. Conolly was
struck with their resemblance to idiots.


NOTICES TO TAR AND FEATHER.

The original handbills of the committee for Tarring and Feathering
subjoined, are of singular interest, as they were the earliest
emanations of the spirit that led to England's losing her American
colonies, and the consequent rise of the United States:--


_To the Delaware Pilots._

The Regard we have for your Characters, and our Desire to promote your
future Peace and Safety, are the Occasion of this Third Address to you.

In our second Letter we acquainted you, that the Tea Ship was a Three
Decker; We are now informed by good Authority, she is not a Three
Decker, but an _old black Ship_, _without a Head_, or _any Ornaments_.

The _Captain_ is a _short fat_ Fellow, and a little _obstinate_
withal.--So much the worse for him.--For, so sure as he _rides rusty_,
We shall heave him Keel out, and see that his Bottom be well fired,
scrubb'd and paid.--His Upper-Works too, will have an Overhawling--and
as it is said, he has a good deal of _Quick Work_ about him, We will
take particular Care that such Part of him undergoes a thorough
Rummaging.

We have a still _worse Account of his Owner_;--for it is said, the Ship
POLLY was bought by him on Purpose, to make a Penny of us: and that
_he_ and Captain _Ayres_ were well advised, of the Risque they would
run, in thus daring to insult and abuse us.

_Captain Ayres_ was here in the Time of the Stamp-Act, and ought to
have known our People better, than to have expected we would be so mean
as to suffer his _rotten_ TEA to be funnel'd down our Throats, with the
_Parliament's Duty_ mixed with it.

We know him well, and have calculated to a Gill and a Feather, how much
it will require to fit him for an _American Exhibition_. And we hope,
not one of your Body will behave so ill, as to oblige us to clap him in
the Cart along Side of the _Captain_.

We must repeat, that the SHIP POLLY is an _old black Ship_, of about
Two Hundred and Fifty Tons burthen, _without a Head_, and _without
Ornaments_,--and, that CAPTAIN AYRES is a _thick chunky Fellow_.--As
such, TAKE CARE TO AVOID THEM.

  Your Old Friends,
  THE COMMITTEE FOR TARRING AND FEATHERING.
  _Philadelphia, December 7, 1773._


_To Capt. Ayres, of the Ship Polly, on a Voyage from London to
Philadelphia._

  SIR,

We are informed that you have, imprudently, taken Charge of a Quantity
of Tea; which has been sent out by the _India_ Company, _under the
Auspices of the Ministry_, as a Trial of _American_ Virtue and
Resolution.

Now, as your Cargo, on your Arrival here, will most assuredly bring you
into hot water; and as you are perhaps a Stranger _to these Parts_,
we have concluded to advise you of the present Situation of Affairs
in _Philadelphia_--that, taking Time by the Forelock, you may stop
short in your dangerous Errand--secure your Ship against the Rafts of
combustible Matter which may be set on Fire, and turned loose against
her: and more than all this, that you may preserve your own Person,
from the Pitch and Feathers that are prepared for you.

In the first Place, we must tell you, that the _Pennsylvanians_
are, _to a Man_, passionately fond of Freedom; the Birthright of
_Americans_; and at all Events are determined to enjoy it.

That they sincerely believe, no Power on the Face of the Earth has a
Right to tax them without their Consent.

That in their Opinion, the Tea in your Custody is designed by the
Ministry to enforce such a Tax, which they will undoubtedly oppose; and
in so doing, give you every possible Obstruction.

We are nominated to a very disagreeable, but necessary Service.--To our
Care are committed all Offenders against the Rights of _America_; and
hapless is he, whose evil Destiny has doomed him to suffer at our Hands.

You are sent out on a diabolical Service; and if you are so foolish and
obstinate as to compleat your Voyage; by bringing your Ship to Anchor
in this Port; you may run such a Gauntlet, as will induce you, in your
last Moments, most heartily to curse those who have made you the Dupe
of their Avarice and Ambition.

What think you Captain, of a Halter around your Neck--ten Gallons of
liquid Tar decanted on your Pate--with the Feathers of a dozen wild
Geese laid over that to enliven your Appearance?

Only think seriously of this--and fly to the Place from whence you
came--fly without Hesitation--without the Formality of a Protest--and
above all, Captain _Ayres_ let us advise you to fly without the wild
Geese Feathers.

  Your Friends _to serve_
  THE COMMITTEE _as before subscribed_.
  _Philadelphia, Nov. 27, 1773._


B. FRANKLIN'S CELEBRATED LETTER TO STRAHAN.

As a sequel to the foregoing notices, we give Dr. Franklin's celebrated
letter, written in the actual heat of the first outbreak.

  Philadelphia, July 5, 1775.

Mr. STRAHAN,--You are a member of Parliament, and one of that majority
which has doomed my country to destruction. You have begun to burn our
towns, and murder our people. Look upon your hands! They are stained
with the blood of your relations! You and I were long friends; you are
now my enemy, and

  I am, yours,
  B. FRANKLIN.


HENRY II. STRIPT WHEN DEAD.

1189. Immediately upon his death, those that were about him applied
their market so busilie in catching and filching awaie things that
laie readie for them, that the king's corps laie naked a long time,
till a child covered the nether parts of his body with a short cloke,
and then it seemed that his surname was fulfilled that he had from his
childhood, which was Shortmantell, being so called, because he was the
first who brought short clokes out of Anjou into England.


TRANSPLANTATION OF HAIR.

The Signor Dottore Domenico Nardo addressed a letter to the Academy of
Padua, in 1826, on the subject of the growth of hair after death, and
even after its separation from the body. The latter property had been
previously observed by Krafft. The Signor Nardo recounts the results of
experiments made on his own person in the transplantation of hair, and
relates, that by transplanting quickly a hair, with its root, from a
pore of his head, into a pore of his chest, easily to be accomplished
by widening the pore somewhat with the point of a needle, introducing
the root with nicety, and exciting within the pore itself, by friction,
a slight degree of inflammation, the hair takes root, continues to
vegetate, and grows; in due season changes colour, becomes white, and
falls.


ANCIENT CANNON RAISED FROM THE SEA.

A fisherman of Calais some time since, drew up a cannon, of very
ancient form, from the bottom of the sea, by means of his nets. M. de
Rheims has since removed the rust from it, and on taking off the breech
was much surprised to find the piece still charged. Specimens of the
powder have been taken, from which, of course, all the saltpetre has
disappeared after a submersion of three centuries. The ball was of
lead, and was not oxidized to a depth greater than that of a line.


COFFEE-HOUSE ATTRACTIONS IN 1760.

The great attraction of Don Saltero's Coffee-house was its collection
of rarities, a catalogue of which was published as a guide to the
visitors. It comprehends almost every description of curiosity, natural
and artificial. "Tigers' tusks; the Pope's candle; the skeleton of
a Guinea-pig; a fly-cap monkey; a piece of the true Cross; the Four
Evangelists' heads cut on a cherry-stone; the King of Morocco's
tobacco-pipe; Mary Queen of Scot's pincushion; Queen Elizabeth's
prayer-book; a pair of Nun's stockings; Job's ears, which grew on a
tree; a frog in a tobacco-stopper;" and five hundred more odd relics!
The Don had a rival, as appears by "A Catalogue of the Rarities to be
seen at Adams's, at the Royal Swan, in Kingsland Road, leading from
Shoreditch Church, 1756." Mr. Adams exhibited, for the entertainment
of the curious, "Miss Jenny Cameron's shoes; Adam's eldest daughter's
hat; the heart of the famous Bess Adams, that was hanged at Tyburn with
Lawyer Carr, January 18, 1736-7; Sir Walter Raleigh's tobacco-pipe;
Vicar of Bray's clogs; engine to shell green pease with; teeth that
grew in a fish's belly; Black Jack's ribs; the very comb that Abraham
combed his son Isaac and Jacob's head with; Wat Tyler's spurs; rope
that cured Captain Lowry of the head-ach, ear-ach, tooth-ach and
belly-ach; Adam's key of the fore and back door of the Garden of Eden,
&c., &c." These are only a few out of five hundred others equally
marvellous.


A WOMAN TAKES THE LIGHTED MATCH FROM A BOMB.

During the siege of Gibraltar, in 1782, the Count d'Artois came
to St. Roch, to visit the place and works. While his highness was
inspecting the lines, in company with the Duke de Crillon, they both
alighted with their suite, and all lay flat upon the ground, to avoid
the effects of a bomb that fell near a part of the barracks where a
Frenchwoman had a canteen. This woman, who had two children in her arms
at the time, rushed forth with them, and having seated herself, with
the utmost _sang-froid_, on the bomb-shell, she put out the match,
thus extricating from danger all that were around her, many of whom
witnessed this courageous and devoted act. His highness rewarded this
intrepid female by bestowing on her a pension of three francs a day,
and engaged to promote her husband after the siege; while the Duke de
Crillon, imitating the generous example of the prince, ensured to her
likewise a daily payment of five francs.


THE SUMMERS MAGNET, OR LOADSTONE.

[Illustration: [++] Summers Magnet.]

Among the great naval officers of Elizabeth's reign must be ranked
Sir George Summers, the discoverer of the Bermudas, often called the
Summers Islands from that circumstance. Here is a representation given
of what the descendants of Sir George Summers call the "Summers magnet,
or loadstone." It is in the possession of Peter Franklin Bellamy, Esq.,
surgeon, second son of Dr. Bellamy, of Plymouth. The tradition in the
family is that the admiral before going to sea used to touch his needle
with it. The stone is dark-coloured, the precise geological formation
doubtful. This curious stone, with armature of iron, was probably an
ancient talisman.


SWALLOWING LIZARDS.

Bertholin, the learned Swedish doctor, relates strange anecdotes of
lizards, toads, and frogs; stating that a woman, thirty years of age,
being thirsty, drank plentifully of water at a pond. At the end of a
few months, she experienced singular movements in her stomach, as if
something were crawling up and down; and alarmed by the sensation,
consulted a medical man, who prescribed a dose of orvietan in a
decoction of fumitory. Shortly afterwards, the irritation of the
stomach increasing, she vomited three toads and two young lizards,
after which, she became more at ease. In the spring following, however,
her irritation of the stomach was renewed; and aloes and bezoar being
administered, she vomited three female frogs, followed the next day by
their numerous progeny. In the month of January following, she vomited
five more living frogs, and in the course of seven years ejected as
many as eighty. Dr. Bertholin protests that he heard them croak in her
stomach!


IMMENSE SEA SERPENT.

A species of sea-serpent was thrown on shore near Bombay in 1819. It
was about forty feet long, and must have weighed many tons. A violent
gale of wind threw it high above the reach of ordinary tides, in which
situation it took nine months to rot; during which process travellers
were obliged to change the direction of the road for nearly a quarter
of a mile, to avoid the offensive effluvia. It rotted so completely
that not a vestige of bone remained.


THE ROYAL TOUCH.

For many ages one of the regal prerogatives in this country was to
touch for the cure of _regius morbus_, or scrofula; a disease too
well known to need any description. At different periods hundreds of
persons assembled from all parts of the country annually to receive
the royal interposition. Lists of the afflicted were published, to
afford a criterion for determining as to its success; and from Edward
the Confessor to the reign of Queen Anne, its efficacy appears to have
obtained a ready and general belief.

The ceremony was announced by public proclamations; one of which we
copy from "The Newes," of the 18th of May, 1664. "His Sacred Majesty"
(Charles II.) "having declared it to be his royal will and purpose to
continue the healing of his people for the Evil during the month of
May, and then to give over until Michaelmas next, I am commanded to
give notice thereof, that the people may not come up to town in the
interim, and lose their labour."

An extract from the "Mercurius Politicus" affords additional
information. "Saturday," says that paper, "being appointed by His
Majesty to touch such as were troubled with the Evil, a great company
of poor afflicted creatures were met together, many brought in chairs
and flaskets, and being appointed by His Majesty to repair to the
banqueting-house, His Majesty sat in a chair of state, where he stroked
all that were brought unto him, and then put about each of their necks
a white ribbon, with an angel of gold on it. In this manner His Majesty
stroked above six hundred; and such was his princely patience and
tenderness to the poor afflicted creatures, that, though it took up
a very long time, His Majesty, who is never weary of well-doing, was
pleased to make inquiry whether there were any more who had not yet
been touched. After prayers were ended, the Duke of Buckingham brought
a towel, and the Earl of Pembroke a basin and ewer, who, after they
had made obeisance to His Majesty, kneeled down, till His Majesty had
washed."

This sovereign is said to have touched nearly one hundred thousand
patients.

With Queen Anne the practice was discontinued. But so late as the
28th of February, 1712, little more than two years before her death,
the following proclamation appeared in the "Gazette":--"It being Her
Majesty's royal intention to touch for the Evil on Wednesday, the
19th of March next, and so to continue weekly during Lent, it is Her
Majesty's command that tickets be delivered the day before at the
office in Whitehall; and that all persons shall bring a certificate
signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of their respective parishes,
that they have never received the royal touch." Dr. Johnson, when
an infant, was brought, with others, for this purpose; "and when
questioned upon the subject, confessed he had a faint recollection of
an old lady with something black about her head."

A religious service, of which Dr. Heylin, Prebendary of Westminster, in
his "Examen Historicum," has given us the particulars, accompanied the
ceremony; which, as a document of pious interest, we transcribe:--"The
first Gospel is the same as that on the Ascension-day, Mark xvi. 14,
to the end. At the touching of every infirm person these words are
repeated: 'They shall lay their hands on the sick, and they shall
recover.' The second Gospel begins with the first of St. John, and ends
a these words: (John i. 14:) 'Full of grace and truth.' At the putting
the angel about their necks were repeated, 'That light was the true
light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.'

"'Lord, have mercy upon us.'

"'Christ have mercy upon us.'

"'Lord have mercy upon us. Our Father, &c.'

"'_Minister._--O Lord, save thy servants:'

"'_Response._--Which put their trust in thee.'

"'_M._--Send unto them help from above:'

"'_R._--And ever more defend them.'

"'_M._--Help us, O God, our Saviour!'

"'_R._--And for the glory of thy name sake deliver us: be merciful unto
us, sinners, for thy name sake!'

"'_M._--O Lord, hear our prayer:'

"'_R._--And let our cry come unto thee.'

"'_The Collect._--Almighty God, the eternal health of all such as
put their trust in thee, hear us, we beseech thee, on the behalf of
these thy servants, for whom we call for thy merciful help; that they
receiving health, may give thanks unto thee in thy holy Church, through
Jesus Christ our Lord! Amen.'

"'The peace of God,' &c."


PEG TANKARDS.

The pegging, or marking the drinking cups, was introduced by St.
Dunstan, to check the intemperate habits of the times, by preventing
one man from taking a larger draught than his companions. But the
device proved the means of increasing the evil it was intended to
remedy; for, refining upon Dunstan's plan, the most abstemious were
required to drink precisely to a peg or pin, whether they could soberly
take such a quantity of liquor or not. To the use of such cups may be
traced the origin of many of our popular phrases. When a person is much
elated, we still say, "He is in a merry pin;" and, "He is a peg too
low," when he is not in good spirits. On the same principle we talk of
"taking a man down a peg," when we would check forwardness.


NORMAN CAPS.

There is nothing more amusing to the traveller on the continent, than
to observe the extraordinary variety of those head-appendages, many
of them heirlooms for generations in some families, all more or less
prized according to the richness of materials employed upon them, and
the peculiarity of shape. There is no article of dress more important
to the _Normande_, whatever may be her means, than the cap which so
jauntily and triumphantly asserts the dignity of the wearer. The
wives of fermières who can afford such luxuries as expensive lace and
trimmings, spend a little income in the decoration of their caps.
Many cost upwards of three thousand francs for the materials and
manufacture; and these, as we have before observed, are handed from
mother to daughter through successive years, and are highly prized.

[Illustration: [++] Norman Caps.]

In the primitive villages of Normandy, on some holidays, it is a
pleasing sight to see the dense army of caps, with flaps fanning the
air, and following the gesticulatory movements of their talkative and
volatile owners. When the weather is doubtful, the cap-wearers take
care to be provided with a red umbrella of a clumsy construction,
remarkably heavy, and somewhat similar, perhaps, to the original with
which Jonas Hanway braved the jeers of a London populace in first
introducing it.


NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN WAR DESPATCH.

The following is a _facsimile_ of a gazette of a tribe of North
American Indians, who assisted the French forces in Canada, during the
war between France and England:--

[Illustration: [++] Gazette of North American Indians.]

_Explanation of the Gazette, giving an account of one of their
expeditions. The following divisions explain those on the plate, as
referred to by the numbers_:--

1. Each of these figures represents the number ten. They all signify,
that 18 times 10, or 180 American Indians, took up the hatchet, or
declared war, in favour of the French, which is represented by the
hatchet placed over the arms of France.

2. They departed from Montreal--represented by the bird just taking
wing from the top of a mountain. The moon and the buck show the time to
have been in the first quarter of the buck-moon, answering to July.

3. They went by water--signified by the canoe. The number of huts, such
as they raise to pass the night in, shows they were 21 days on their
passage.

4. Then they came on shore, and travelled seven days by
land--represented by the foot and the seven huts.

5. When they arrived near the habitations of their enemies, at
sunrise--shown by the sun being to the eastward of them, beginning,
as they think, its daily course, there they lay in wait three
days--represented by the hand pointing, and the three huts.

6. After which, they surprised their enemies, in number 12 times 10, or
120. The man asleep shows how they surprised them, and the hole in the
top of the building is supposed to signify that they broke into some of
their habitations in that manner.

7. They killed with the club eleven of their enemies, and took five
prisoners. The former represented by the club and the eleven heads, the
latter by the figures on the little pedestals.

8. They lost nine of their own men in the action--represented by the
nine heads within the bow, which is the emblem of honour among the
Americans, but had none taken prisoners--a circumstance they lay great
weight on, shown by all the pedestals being empty.

9. The heads of the arrows, pointing opposite ways, represent the
battle.

10. The heads of the arrows all pointing the same way, signify the
flight of the enemy.


RECEIPTS FROM ALBERTUS MAGNUS.

_If thou wylt make a Carbuckle stone, or a thyng shyning in the
nyght._--Take verye many of the lyttle beastes shyninge by nyghte, and
put them beaten smale in a bottel of glasse, and close it, and burye
it in hoate horses doung, and let it tarye xv dayes, afterwarde thou
shalte destyll water of them Peralembicum, which thou shalt put in a
vessel of Christal or glasse. It giueth so great clearnesse, that euery
man may reade and write in a darke place where it is. Some men make
this water of the gall of a snale, the gal of a wesel, the gall of a
feret, and of a water dogge: they burie them in doung and destyll water
out of them.

_If thou wylt see that other men can not see._--Take the gall of a male
cat, and the fat of a hen all whyte, and mixe them together, and anoint
thy eyes, and thou shalt see it that others cannot see.

If the hart, eye, or brayne of a lapwyng or blacke plover be hanged
vpon a mans necke it is profitable agaynste forgetfulnesse, and
sharpeth mans vnderstanding.--"_Albertus Magnus._" _Black Letter: very
old._


ADVERTISEMENT OF ROAST PIG IN 1726.

"On Tuesday next, being Shrove Tuesday, there will be a fine _hog
barbyqu'd_ whole, at the house of Peter Brett, at the Rising Sun, in
Islington Road, with other diversions.--_Note._ It is the house where
the ox was roasted whole at Christmas last."

A hog barbecu'd is a West Indian term, and means a hog roasted whole,
stuffed with spice, and basted with Madeira wine. Oldfield, an eminent
glutton of former days, gormandised away a fortune of fifteen hundred
pounds a-year. Pope thus alludes to him,--

    "Oldfield, with more than harpy throat endu'd,
     Cries, 'Send me, O, gods, a whole hog _barbecu'd!_'"


DYING OF OLD AGE AT SEVENTEEN YEARS.

March 19th, 1754, died, in Glamorganshire, of mere old age and a
gradual decay of nature, at seventeen years and two months, Hopkins
Hopkins, the little Welchman lately shown in London. He never weighed
more than seventeen pounds, but for three years past no more than
twelve. The parents have still six children left, all of whom no way
differ from other children, except one girl of twelve years of age, who
weighs only eighteen pounds, and bears upon her most of the marks of
old age, and in all respects resembles her brother when at that age.


"WE HAE BEEN."

In Ayrshire there is a tradition, that the family motto of De
Bruce--"We have been," originated from a lady named Fullarton, married
to a cadet of the family of Cassilis. They had been gained to favour
England during the chivalrous achievements of Wallace, and still
continued zealous partisans of Edward. Before Bruce avowed his purpose
to emancipate his country, he came, disguised as a palmer, to acquaint
himself how far he could rely on aid from the people. A storm compelled
him, and a few faithful adherents, to take shelter on the coast of
Ayrshire. Extreme darkness, and the turbulence of the billows, deprived
them of all knowledge where they landed; and as, in those unhappy
times, the appearance of a few strangers would create alarm, the chiefs
dispersed in different directions. Bruce chanced to go into the house
of Mr. Kennedy, where the servants treated him with great reverence.
The lady had gone to bed, and the prince wished they would not disturb
her, but permit him to sit by the fire till day; however, one damsel
had given her immediate notice of the visitor. He was ushered into her
presence. She eyed him with scrutinizing earnestness. "We hae been--we
hae been fause," said she, in the Scottish dialect, "but a royal ee
takes me back to haly loyalty. I seid ye, mes royal de Bruce, I ken
ye weel. We hae been baith untrue to Scotland, but rest ye safe: and
albiet a' that's gane, Meg Fullarton wad dee in your cause."


ORIGIN OF THE PENNY POST.

The penny-post was devised in 1683, by one Mr. David Murray, an
upholder in Paternoster Row. It soon became an object of attention to
Government; but so low were its profits that one Dockwra, who succeeded
Murray, had a pension of only £200 a year given him in lieu of it. This
occurred in 1716.


A RAFFLE IN 1725.

May 8. The following copy of an advertisement, in the _Newcastle
Courant_ of this date, may be considered curious:--"On Friday in the
race week, being the 28th of May, at the Assembly House, in Westgate,
will be raffled for, 12 fine Fans, the highest three guineas, the worst
5s., at half a Crown per Ticket. Note: the lowest throw is to have the
second best Fan, value £3, the other according to the height of the
numbers which shall be thrown. There will be an assembly after for
those who raffle."


A VISIT TO THE RESIDENCE OF DR. JOHNSON, IN INNER TEMPLE LANE, LONDON.

In one of the dreary, old-fashioned houses leading from the arched
entrance to the Temple, which almost every passenger through Temple
Bar must have remarked, whether he is a stranger, or a resident in the
metropolis, Dr. Johnson, who occupies one of the most distinguished
positions in the literature of our country, resided for several years.

[Illustration: Dr. Johnson's Residence in Inner Temple Lane.]

It was in this place that Dr. Johnson became acquainted with his future
biographer, Boswell, who thus describes their first meeting:--

"A few days afterwards I called on Davies, and asked him if he thought
I might take the liberty of waiting on Mr. Johnson at his chambers
in the Temple. He said I certainly might, and that Mr. Johnson would
take it as a compliment. His chambers were on the first floor of No.
1, Inner Temple Lane, and I entered them with an impression given me
by the Rev. Dr. Blair, of Edinburgh, who described his having found
the giant in his den. He received me very courteously; but it must be
confessed, that his apartment, and furniture, and morning dress, were
sufficiently uncouth. His brown suit of clothes looked very rusty; he
had on a little, old, shrivelled, unpowdered wig, which was too small
for his head; his shirt neck and knees of his breeches were loose, his
black worsted stockings ill drawn up, and he had a pair of unbuckled
shoes by way of slippers;--but all these slovenly particulars were
forgotten the moment he began to talk."

The "den" in which the "giant" lived, the staircase leading to it, and
indeed the whole appearance of the locality, has recently undergone
demolition, and its interesting features knocked down to the highest
bidder, to be, let us hope, preserved in some museum or other place of
safety.

[Illustration: Old Staircase in the Residence of Dr. Johnson.]

Dr. Johnson resided at various times in Holborn, the Strand, and other
places, and died, as it is well known, in No. 8, Bolt Court, Fleet
Street, in 1784. His remains were placed in a grave under the statue
of Shakspere, in Westminster Abbey, and near the resting-place of his
friend and companion, David Garrick.


ORIGIN OF THE STUFF BALL AT LINCOLN.

During the want of employment in the manufactories in 1801, Mrs.
Chaplain, of Blankney, in Lincolnshire, formed a patriotic institution
for the encouragement of the local trade of the district. A ball was
given at Lincoln for the benefit of the stuff manufactory, at which
ladies were admitted gratis, on their appearance in a stuff gown and
petticoat, spun, wove, and finished within the county, and producing a
ticket signed by the weaver and dyer at Louth, one of which tickets
was delivered with every twelve yards of stuff. The gentlemen were
required to appear without silk or cotton in their dress, stockings
excepted. The impulse thus given to trade, was of the most signal
service in relieving distress, and at the same time promoting habits of
industry.


STEVENS'S SPECIFIC.

In the reign of Charles II., Dr. Jonathan Goddard obtained 5,000_l._
for disclosing his secret for making a medicine, called "_Guttæ
Anglicanæ_." And in 1739, the Parliament of England voted 5,000_l._ to
Mrs. Stevens for a solvent for stone.

The celebrated David Hartley was very instrumental in procuring this
grant to Joanna Stevens. He obtained also a private subscription to the
amount of £1,356, published one hundred and fifty-five _successful_
cases, and, by way of climax to the whole, after eating _two hundred
pounds weight_ of soap! David himself died of the stone.


AN IMPOSTOR.

From the Testament of Jerome Sharp, printed in 1786:--"I entered,"
says the narrator, "with one of my friends, and found a man resembling
an ourang-outang crouched upon a stool in the manner of a tailor. His
complexion announced a distant climate, and his keeper stated that he
found him in the island of Molucca. His body was bare to the hips,
having a chain round the waist, seven or eight feet long, which was
fastened to a pillar, and permitted him to circulate out of the reach
of the spectators. His looks and gesticulations were frightful. His
jaws never ceased snapping, except when sending forth discordant cries,
which were said to be indicative of hunger. He swallowed flints when
thrown to him, but preferred raw meat, which he rushed behind his
pillar to devour. He groaned fearfully during his repast, and continued
groaning until fully satiated. When unable to procure more meat, he
would swallow stones with frightful avidity; which, upon examination
of those which he accidentally dropped, proved to be partly dissolved
by the acrid quality of his saliva. In jumping about, the undigested
stones were heard rattling in his stomach."

The men of science quickly set to work to account for these feats,
so completely at variance with the laws of nature. Before they had
hit upon a theory, the pretended Molucca savage was discovered to
be a peasant from the neighbourhood of Besançon, who chose to turn
to account his natural deformities. When staining his face for the
purpose, in the dread of hurting his eyes, he left the eyelids
unstained, which completely puzzled the naturalists. By a clever
sleight of hand, the raw meat was left behind the pillar, and cooked
meat substituted in its place. Some asserted his passion for eating
behind the pillar to be a proof of his savage origin; most polite
persons, and more especially kings, being addicted to feeding in
public. The stones swallowed by the pretended savage were taken from
a vessel left purposely in the room full of them; small round stones,
encrusted with plaster, which afterwards gave them the appearance of
having been masticated in the mouth. Before the discovery of all this,
the impostor had contrived to reap a plentiful harvest.


PERUVIAN BARK.

In 1693, the Emperor Kanghi (then in the thirty-second year of his
reign, and fortieth of his age) had a malignant fever, which resisted
the remedies given by his physicians; the emperor recollected that
Tchang-tchin, (Father Gerbillon), and Pe-tsin, (Father Bouret) two
jesuit missionaries, had extolled to him a remedy for intermittents,
brought from Europe, and to which they had given the name of chin-yo
(two Chinese words, which signify "_divine remedies_;") and he proposed
to try it, but the physicians opposed it. The emperor, however, without
their knowledge took it, and with good effect. Sometime afterwards,
he experienced afresh several fits of an intermittent, which, though
slight, made him uneasy; this led him to proclaim through the city,
that any person possessed of a specific for this sort of fever, should
apply without delay at the palace, where patients might also apply to
get cured. Some of the great officers of his household were charged
to receive such remedies as might be offered, and to administer them
to the patients. The Europeans, Tchang-tching, (Gerbillon) Hang-jo,
(Father de Fontenay, jesuit) and Pe-tsin, (Bouret) presented themselves
among others, with a certain quantity of quinquina, offered it to the
grandees, and instructed them in the manner of using it. The next
day it was tried on several patients, who were kept in sight, and
were cured by it. The officers, or grandees who had been appointed
to superintend the experiment, gave an account to the Emperor of the
astonishing effect of the remedy, and the monarch decided instantly on
trying it himself, provided the hereditary prince gave his consent.
The prince, however, not only refused, but was angry with the grandees
for having spoken so favourably of a remedy, of which only one
successful trial had been made; at last, after much persuasion, the
Prince reluctantly grants his consent, and the emperor takes the bark
without hesitation, and permanently recovers. A house is given by the
emperor to the Europeans, who had made known the remedy, and through
the means of Pe-tsin (Father Bouret) presents were conveyed to the King
of France, accompanied with the information, that the Europeans (that
is, the French jesuits) were in high favour.--_Histoire Generale de la
Chine, &c._ tome xi. p. 168, 4to. Paris, 1780.


WHITE CATS.

In a number of "Loudon Gardener's Magazine," it is stated that white
cats with blue eyes are always deaf, of which extraordinary fact there
is the following confirmation in the "Magazine of Natural History," No.
2, likewise conducted by Mr. Loudon:--Some years ago, a white cat of
the Persian kind (probably not a thorough-bred one), procured from Lord
Dudley's at Hindley, was kept in a family as a favourite. The animal
was a female, quite white, and perfectly deaf. She produced, at various
times, many litters of kittens, of which, generally, some were quite
white, others more or less mottled, tabby, &c. But the extraordinary
circumstance is, that of the offspring produced at one and the same
birth, such as, like the mother, were entirely white, were, like her,
invariably deaf; while those that had the least speck of colour on
their fur, as invariably possessed the usual faculty of hearing.


A WOMAN DEFENDS A FORT SINGLY.

Lord Kames in his "Sketches of the History of Man," relates an
extraordinary instance of presence of mind united with courage.

Some Iroquois in the year 1690, attacked the fort de Verchères, in
Canada, which belonged to the French, and had approached silently,
hoping to scale the palisade, when some musket-shot forced them to
retire: on their advancing a second time they were again repulsed, in
wonder and amazement that they could perceive no person, excepting
a woman who was seen everywhere. This was Madame de Verchères, who
conducted herself with as much resolution and courage as if supported
by a numerous garrison. The idea of storming a place wholly undefended,
except by women, occasioned the Iroquois to attack the fortress
repeatedly, but, after two days' siege, they found it necessary to
retire, lest they should be intercepted in their retreat.

Two years afterwards, a party of the same nation so unexpectedly made
their appearance before the same fort, that a girl of fourteen, the
daughter of the proprietor, had but just time to shut the gate. With
this young woman there was no person whatever except one soldier, but
not at all intimidated by her situation, she showed herself sometimes
in one place, sometimes in another, frequently changing her dress,
in order to give some appearance of a garrison, and always fired
opportunely. In short, the faint-hearted Iroquois once more departed
without success. Thus the presence of mind of this young girl was the
means of saving the fort.


INDENTURE OF A HORSE-RACE BETWIXT THE EARLS OF MORTON AND ABERCORN AND
THE LORD BOYDE.

As indicating the state of the English language amongst the nobility of
Scotland in 1621, the following is curious:--

"_Ane Indentour of ane Horse-raise betuix my Lords Mortoun, Abercorne,
and Boyde._--The erle of Mortoun obleissis himselff to produce George
Rutherfuirdis Barb Naig: The erle of Abercorne obleissis him to produce
his gray Naig: My lord Boyd obleissis him to produce his bay horse;
Upone the conditions following. Thay ar to run the first Thursday
November nixtocum, thrie mett myleis of Cowper raise in Fyff. The
waidger to be for euery horse ten dowbill Anegellis. The foirmest horse
to win the hail thretty. Ilk rydare to be aucht scottis stanewecht.
And the pairtie not comperaud, or refuisand to consigne the waidger,
sall undergo the foirfaltour of this sowme, and that money foirfaltit
salbe additt to the staik to be tane away be the wynner. Forder, we
declair it to be lesum to ony gentilman to produce ane horse and the
lyk waidger, and thay salbe welcum. Subscrybith with all our handis, at
Hammiltoune the fyfteine day off August 1621. MORTON, ABERCORNE, BOYDE."


EARLY USE OF CHOCOLATE.

An advertisement in "The Public Adviser," from Tuesday, June 16th, to
Tuesday, June 23d, 1657, informs us that "in Bishopsgate-street, in
Queen's-head-alley, at a Frenchman's House, is an excellent West India
drink, called _Chocolate_, to be sold, where you may have it ready at
any time, and also unmade, at reasonable rates."


MATTHEW BUCKINGER.

[Illustration: [++] Matthew Buckinger.]

Of all the imperfect beings brought into the world, few can challenge,
for mental and acquired endowments, any thing like a comparison to
vie with this truly extraordinary little man. Matthew Buckinger was
a native of Nuremberg, in Germany, where he was born, June 2, 1674,
without hands, feet, legs, or thighs; in short, he was little more
than the trunk of a man, saving two excrescences growing from the
shoulder-blades, more resembling fins of a fish than arms of a man. He
was the last of nine children, by one father and mother, viz. eight
sons and one daughter; after arriving at the age of maturity, from the
singularity of his case, and the extraordinary abilities he possessed,
he attracted the notice and attention of all persons, of whatever rank
in life, to whom he was occasionally introduced.

It does not appear, by any account extant, that his parents exhibited
him at any time for the purposes of emolument, but that the whole of
his time must have been employed in study and practice, to attain the
wonderful perfection he arrived at in drawing, and his performance on
various musical instruments; he played the flute, bagpipe, dulcimer,
and trumpet, not in the manner of general amateurs, but in the style of
a finished master. He likewise possessed great mechanical powers, and
conceived the design of constructing machines to play on all sorts of
musical instruments.

If Nature played the niggard in one respect with him she amply repaid
the deficiency by endowments that those blessed with perfect limbs
could seldom achieve. He greatly distinguished himself by beautiful
writing, drawing coats of arms, sketches of portraits, history,
landscapes, &c., most of which were executed in Indian ink, with a pen,
emulating in perfection the finest and most finished engraving. He was
well skilled in most games of chance, nor could the most experienced
gamester or juggler obtain the least advantage at any tricks, or game,
with cards or dice.

He used to perform before company, to whom he was exhibited, various
tricks with cups and balls, corn, and living birds; and could play
at skittles and ninepins with great dexterity; shave himself with
perfect ease, and do many other things equally surprising in a person
so deficient, and mutilated by Nature. His writings and sketches of
figures, landscapes, &c., were by no means uncommon, though curious;
it being customary, with most persons who went to see him, to purchase
something or other of his performance; and as he was always employed
in writing or drawing, he carried on a very successful trade, which,
together with the money he obtained by exhibiting himself, enabled
him to support himself and family in a very genteel manner. The late
Mr. Herbert, of Cheshunt, in Hertfordshire, editor of "Ames's History
of Printing," had many curious specimens of Buckinger's writing
and drawing, the most extraordinary of which was his own portrait,
exquisitely done on vellum, in which he most ingeniously contrived to
insert, in the flowing curls of the wig, the 27th, 121st, 128th, 140th,
149th, and the 150th Psalms, together with the Lord's Prayer, most
beautifully and fairly written. Mr. Isaac Herbert, son of the former,
while carrying on the business of a bookseller in Pall-Mall, caused
this portrait to be engraved, for which he paid Mr. Harding fifty
guineas.

Buckinger was married four times, and had eleven children, viz., one
by his first wife, three by his second, six by his third, and one by
his last. One of his wives was in the habit of treating him extremely
ill, frequently beating and other ways insulting him, which, for a
long time, he very patiently put up with; but once his anger was so
much aroused, that he sprung upon her like a fury, got her down, and
buffeted her with his stumps within an inch of her life; nor would he
suffer her to arise until she promised amendment in future, which it
seems she prudently adopted, through fear of another thrashing. Mr.
Buckinger was but twenty-nine inches in height, and died in 1722.


WONDERFUL PROVISION OF NATURE.

The insects that frequent the waters, require predaceous animals to
keep them within due limits, as well as those that inhabit the earth;
and the water-spider (_Argyroneta aquatica_) is one of the most
remarkable upon whom that office is devolved. To this end, her instinct
instructs her to fabricate a kind of diving-bell in the bosom of that
element. She usually selects still waters for this purpose. Her house
is an oval cocoon, filled with air, and lined with silk, from which
threads issue in every direction, and are fastened to the surrounding
plants. In this cocoon, which is open below, she watches for her prey,
and even appears to pass the winter, when she closes the opening. It
is most commonly, yet not always, under water; but its inhabitant has
filled it for her respiration, which enables her to live in it. She
conveys the air to it in the following manner: she usually swims on her
back, when her abdomen is enveloped in a bubble of air, and appears
like a globe of quicksilver. With this she enters her cocoon, and
displacing an equal mass of water, again ascends for a second lading,
till she has sufficiently filled her house with it, so as to expel all
water. How these little animals can envelope their abdomen with an
air-bubble, and retain it till they enter their cells, is still one
of Nature's mysteries that has not been explained. It is a wonderful
provision, which enables an animal that breathes the atmospheric air,
to fill her house with it under water, and by some secret art to clothe
her body with air, as with a garment, which she can put off when it
answers her purpose. This is a kind of attraction and repulsion that
mocks all inquiries.


STOMACH BRUSH.

One of the Court Physicians, in the reign of Charles II., invented an
instrument to cleanse the stomach, and wrote a pamphlet on it; and
ridiculous as a chylopoietic-scrubbing-brush may appear, it afterwards
got a place among surgical instruments, and is described as the
_Excutor Ventriculi_, or cleanser of the stomach; but the moderns not
having _stomach_ for it, have transferred it to the wine merchant, who
more appropriately applies it to the scouring the interior of bottles.
Heister gives a minute description of it, and very gravely enters on
the mode and manner of using it: the patient is to drink a draught
of warm water, or spirit of wine, that the mucus and foulness of the
stomach may be washed off thereby: then, the brush being moistened in
some convenient liquor, is to be introduced into the oesophagus, and
slowly protruded into the stomach, by twisting round its wire handle.
When arrived in the stomach, it is to be drawn up and down, and through
the oesophagus, like the sucker in a syringe, till it be at last
wholly extracted. Some recommend plentiful drinking in the operation,
to be continued till no more foulness is discharged. But though this
contrivance is greatly extolled, and said to prolong life to a great
age, especially if practiced once a week, month, or fortnight; yet,
there are very few (probably, because tried by very few) instances of
its happy effects.


POPULAR AMUSEMENTS IN 1743.

In _Merrie England of the Olden Time_, we find the following copy of a
handbill announcing performances:--

By a company of English, French, and Germans, at Phillips's New Wells,
near the London Spa, Clerkenwell, 20th August, 1743.

[Illustration: [++] Rope Dancing.]

This evening, and during the Summer Season, will be performed several
new exercises of Rope-dancing, Tumbling, Vaulting, Equilibres,
Ladder-dancing, and Balancing, by Madame Kerman, Sampson Rogetzi,
Monsieur German, and Monsieur Dominique; with a new Grand Dance,
called Apollo and Daphne, by Mr. Phillips, Mrs. Lebrune, and others;
singing by Mrs. Phillips and Mrs. Jackson; likewise the extraordinary
performance of Herr Von Eeckenberg, who imitates the lark, thrush,
blackbird, goldfinch, canary-bird, flageolet, and German flute; a
Sailor's Dance by Mr. Phillips; and Monsieur Dominique flies through
a hogshead, and forces both heads out. To which will be added The
Harlot's Progress. Harlequin by Mr. Phillips; Miss Kitty by Mrs.
Phillips. Also, an exact representation of the late glorious victory
gained over the French by the English at the battle of Dettingen, with
the taking of the White Household Standard by the Scots Greys, and
blowing up the bridge, and destroying and drowning most part of the
French army. To begin every evening at five o'clock. Every one will be
admitted for a pint of wine, as usual.


DANCING ROOMS.

Dancing rooms were much frequented a century or so ago in London, which
was then pretty well supplied with this means of recreation. We find
that there were rare dancing doings at the original dancing room

                                                             in the year
  at the _field_-end of King-Street, Bloomsbury,                    1742
  Hickford's great room, Panton-Street, Haymarket,                  1743
  Mitre Tavern, Charing-Cross,                                      1743
  Barber's Hall,                                                    1745
  Richmond Assembly,                                                1745
  Lambeth Wells,                                                    1747
  Duke's long room, Paternoster Row,                                1748
  Large Assembly Room at the Two Green Lamps, near Exeter Change,
        (at the particular desire of Jubilee Dickey!)               1749
  The large room next door to the Hand and Slippers, Long-lane,
        West Smithfield,                                            1750
  Lambeth Wells, where a _Penny Wedding_, in the _Scotch_
        manner, was celebrated for the benefit of a young couple,   1752
  Old Queen's Head, in Cock-lane, Lambeth,                          1755

and at Mr. Bell's, at the sign of the Ship, in the Strand, where, in
1755, a _Scotch_ Wedding was kept. The bride "to be dressed without any
linen; all in ribbons, and green flowers, with Scotch masks. There will
be three bagpipes; a band of Scotch music, &c. &c. To begin precisely
at two o'clock. Admission, two shillings and sixpence."


ORIGIN OF THE USE OF TOBACCO.

"Maister John Nicot, Counsellor to the Kyng, beeyng Embassadour for
the Kyng in Portugall, in the yeres of our Lorde, 1559, 60, 61, wente
one daye to see the Prysons of the Kyng of Portugall, and a gentleman
beeyng the keeper of the saide Prisons presented hym this hearbe, as
a strange Plant brought from Florida; the same Maister Nicot, hauyng
caused the saide hearbe to be set in his garden, where it grewe and
multiplied marveillously, was vpon a tyme aduertised, by one of his
Pages, that a young man, a kinne to that Page, made a saye of that
hearbe bruised, both the herbe and the joice together upon an ulcer
whiche he had vpon his cheeke nere vnto his nose, coming of a _Noli
me tangere_ whiche bega to take roote already at the gristles of the
Nose, wherewith he founde hym self marveillously eased. Therefore the
said Maister Nicot caused the sicke yong man to be brought before hym,
causing the said herbe to be continued to the sore eight or tenne
daies, this saide _Noli me tangere_, was vtterly extinguished and
healed: and he had sent it, while this cure was a working to a certaine
Physition of the Kyng of Portugall of the moste fame, for to see the
further workyng and effect of the said _Nicotiane_, and sending for the
same yong man at the end of tenne daies, the said Phisition seeyng the
uisage of the said sicke yong man certified, that the saide _Noli me
tangere_ was utterly extinguished, as in deede he never felt it since.
Within a while after, one of the Cookes of the said Embassadour hauyng
almost cut off his Thombe, with a great choppyng knife, the steward
of the house of the saide gentleman ranne to the saide _Nicotiane_,
and dresssed him there with fyve or sixe times, and so in the ende
thereof he was healed: from that time forwarde this hearbe began to
bee famous throughout all _Lisborne_, where the court of the Kyng of
Portugall was at that presente, and the vertue of this saide hearbe was
preached, and the people beganne to name it the Ambassadour's hearbe!
Wherefore there came certaine daies after, a gentleman of the country,
Father to one of the Pages of the Ambassadour, who was troubled with
an vlcer in his Legge, hauyng had the same two yeres, and demaunded
of the saide Ambassadour for his hearbe, and vsing the same in suche
order as is before written, at the ende of tenne or twelve daies he
was healed. From that time fourth the fame of that hearbe encreased in
such sorte, that manye came from all places to have that same herbe.
Emong all others there was a woman that had her face covered with a
Ringworme rooted, as though she had a Visour on her face, to whom the
saide L: Ambassadour caused the herbe to be given her, and told how she
should vse it, and at the ende of eight or tenne daies, this woman was
thoroughleye healed, she came and shewed herself to the Ambassadour,
shewing him of her healyng. After there came a captain to presente
his sonne, sick of the Kinges euill to the saide L: Ambassadour, for
to send him into France, vnto whom there was saye made of the saide
hearbe, whiche in fewe daies did beginne to shewe greate signes of
healing, and finally was altogether healed of the kinges euill. The
L: Ambassadour seeing so great effectes proceeding of this hearbe,
and hauing heard say that the Lady Montigny that was, dyed at Saint
Germans, of an vlcer bredde in her breast, that did turn to a _Noli
me tangere_, for which there could never be remedey bee founde, and
likewise that the Countesse of Ruffe, had sought for all the famous
Phisitions of that Realme, for to heale her face, unto whom they
could give no remedy, he thought it good to communicate the same into
Fraunce, and did send it to Kyng Fraunces the seconde; and to the
Queen Mother, and to many other Lords of the Courte with the maner of
governyng the same: and how to applie it vnto the said diseases, even
as he had found it by experience; and chiefly to the lorde of Jarnac
governour of Rogell, with whom the saide Lorde Ambassadour had great
amitie for the service of the Kyng. The whiche Lorde of Jarnac, told
one daye at the Queenes Table, that he had caused the saide _Nicotiane_
to be distilled, and caused the water to be dronke, mingled with
water _Euphrasie_, otherwise called eyebright, to one that was shorte
breathed, and was therewith healed."--_Joyfvll News ovt of the newe
found worlde, &c._, 1577.--_Black Letter._


ANCIENT INSTRUMENTS OF PUNISHMENT AND TORTURE IN THE TOWER OF LONDON.

There are few things among the valuable collection of antiquities
preserved in the Tower of London, which excite so much interest as the
grim-looking objects forming the group figured in the accompanying
engraving.

With the executioner's axe, that long list of unfortunates who have met
their fate within the walls of the Tower, or on Tower Hill, since the
time of Henry VIII., have been beheaded. Among them may be enumerated
Queen Anne Boleyn, whom Henry first presented to his people as their
Queen while standing with her on the Tower Stairs, after she had been
conveyed thither from Greenwich with every possible pomp. Crowds of
gilded barges, with gay banners waving at their sterns, then lined the
stream. The noblest of the land were in the young Queen's train or were
waiting to receive her. Loud rounds of cannon, and soft, merry strains,
announced her arrival; and the burly King stepped forward to kiss her
in the sight of the assembled multitude. On the same day, three short
years afterwards, she was led forth to execution within the Tower
walls. The good Sir Thomas More and the chivalrous Earl of Surrey, Lady
Jane Grey and her young husband, the gallant Raleigh, and a host of
others, also perished by that sad symbol of the executioner's office.

The block is said to be of less ancient date, but is known to have been
used at the execution of three Scotch lords--the unfortunate adherents
of the Pretender--a little more than a century ago. On the top part of
the block, there are three distinct cuts, two of them very deep and
parallel, and the other at an angle and less effective.

The horrible instrument of torture called the "Scavenger's Daughter,"
was, in the "good old days," used as a means of extorting confession.
The head of the culprit was passed through the circular hole at the
top, and the arms through those below. The whole of this part of the
machine opens in somewhat the same manner as a pair of tongs, the upper
part being fixed round the neck and arms, and the semicircular irons
placed on the legs. The body was then bent, and a strong iron bar was
passed through the irons connected with the head and arms, and those
in which the legs were placed. "The culprit would then," as one of the
"Beefeaters" who attends on visitors makes a point of observing, "be
doubled up into very small compass, and made exceedingly uncomfortable."

The Bilboes need little explanation, being only a strong rod of iron,
with a nob at one end, on which are two moveable hoops, for the purpose
of holding the legs; these being fixed, and a heavy iron padlock put on
the proper part--the wearer was said to be in a _Bilboe_. Instruments
of this description were much used on board of ship for the purpose of
securing prisoners of war.

The Iron Collar is a persuader of a formidable description, for it
weighs upwards of 14 lbs., and is so made that it can be fixed on the
neck and then locked. Such a necklace would, we think, be sufficiently
inconvenient; but it is rendered still more uncomfortable by sundry
prickles of iron knowingly placed.

The Thumb-screw, also preserved in the Tower, is a characteristic
example of a species of torture at one time much resorted to. The
engraved example has been constructed so as to press both thumbs;
nevertheless, it is a convenient little instrument, which might be
easily carried about in the pocket. We have met with varieties of the
thumb-screw in several collections--some for the accommodation of one
thumb only. In the Museum of the Royal Antiquarian Society of Scotland
there are some thumb-screws which are said to have been used upon the
Covenanters.

[Illustration: 1. The Executioner's Axe. 2. The Block on which Lords
Balmerino, Lovat, &c., were beheaded. 3. The Scavenger's Daughter. 4.
Spanish Bilboes. 5. Massive Iron Collar for the Neck. 6. Thumb-Screw.]

Times have changed for the better since the "Scavenger's Daughter," and
the other matters represented, were amongst the mildest of the methods
used for the purposes of punishment and intimidation. The stocks,
the public whipping-posts, boilings, and burnings in Smithfield and
elsewhere, the exhibition of dead men's heads over gateways, the boot,
the rack, the pillory, the practice of making men eat their own books
in Cheapside, drawing on hurdles to the place of execution, and then
hanging, drawing, and quartering, chopping off hands and ears, and
other revolting punishments, have gone out of use, and it is gratifying
to know that we are all the better for it.


A BEAU BRUMMELL OF THE 17TH CENTURY.

[Illustration: [++] Picture of an English Anticke.]

This very curious representation of a first-rate exquisite is copied
from a very rare broadside, printed in 1646, and styled _The Picture
of an English Anticke, with a List of his ridiculous Habits and apish
Gestures_. The engraving is a well-executed copperplate, and the
description beneath is a brief recapitulation of his costume: from
which we learn that he wears a tall hat, with a bunch of riband on
one side, and a feather on the other; his face spotted with patches;
two love-locks, one on each side of his head, which hang upon his
bosom, and are tied at the ends with silk riband in bows. His beard on
the upper lip encompassing his mouth; his band or collar edged with
lace, and tied with band-strings, secured by a ring; a tight vest,
partly open and short in the skirts, between which and his breeches
his shirt protruded. His cloak was carried over his arm. His breeches
were ornamented by "many dozen of points at the knees, and above them,
on either side, were two great bunches of riband of several colours."
His legs were incased in "boot-hose tops, tied about the middle of the
calf, as long as a pair of shirt-sleeves, double at the ends like a
ruff-band; the tops of his boots very large, fringed with lace, and
turned down as low as his spurres, which gingled like the bells of a
morrice-dancer as he walked;" the "feet of his boots were two inches
too long." In his right hand he carried a stick, which he "played with"
as he "straddled" along the streets "singing."


PRAYING FOR REVENGE.

In North Wales, when a person supposes himself highly injured, it is
not uncommon for him to go to some church dedicated to a celebrated
saint, as Llan Elian in Anglesea, and Clynog in Carnarvonshire, and
there to offer his enemy. He kneels down on his bare knees in the
church, and offering a piece of money to the saint, calls down curses
and misfortunes upon the offender and his family for generations to
come; in the most firm belief that the imprecations will be fulfilled.
Sometimes they repair to a sacred well instead of a church.


A FEMALE SAMPSON: FROM A HANDBILL.

September 4th, 1818, was shown at Bartholomew Fair, "The strongest
woman in Europe, the celebrated French Female Hercules, Madame
Gobert, who will lift with her teeth a table five feet long and
three feet wide, with several persons seated upon it; also carry
thirty-six weights, fifty-six pounds each, equal to 2,016 lbs., and
will disengage herself from them without any assistance; will carry
a barrel containing 340 bottles; also an anvil 400 lbs. weight, on
which they will forge with four hammers at the time she supports it
on her stomach; she will also lift with her hair the same anvil,
swing it from the ground, and suspend it in that position to the
astonishment of every beholder; will take up a chair by the hind stave
with her teeth, and throw it over her head, ten feet from her body.
Her travelling caravan, (weighing two tons,) on its road from Harwich
to Leominster, owing to the neglect of the driver, and badness of the
road, sunk in the mud, nearly up to the box of the wheels; the two
horses being unable to extricate it she descended, and, with apparent
ease, disengaged the caravan from its situation, without any assistance
whatever."


TREES THAT GROW SHIRTS.

"We saw on the slope of the Cerra Dnida," says M. Humboldt, "shirt
trees, fifty feet high. The Indians cut off cylindrical pieces two feet
in diameter, from which they peel the red and fibrous bark, without
making any longitudinal incision. This bark affords them a sort of
garment which resembles a sack of a very coarse texture, and without
a seam. The upper opening serves for the head, and two lateral holes
are cut to admit the arms. The natives wear these shirts of Marina
in the rainy season; they have the form of the ponchos and manos of
cotton which are so common in New Grenada, at Quito, and in Peru. As in
this climate the riches and beneficence of nature are regarded as the
primary causes of the indolence of the inhabitants, the missionaries
do not fail to say in showing the shirts of Marina, 'in the forests of
Oroonoko, garments are found ready made upon the trees.'"


A FEMALE VENTRILOQUIST.

A female ventriloquist, named Barbara Jacobi, narrowly escaped being
burnt at the stake in 1685, at Haarlem, where she was an inmate of
the public Hospital. The curious daily resorted thither to hear her
hold & dialogue with an imaginary personage with whom she conversed
as if concealed behind the curtains of her bed. This individual, whom
she called Joachim, and to whom she addressed a thousand ludicrous
questions, which he answered in the same familiar strain, was for some
time supposed to be a confederate. But when the bystanders attempted to
search for him behind the curtains, his voice instantly reproached them
with their curiosity from the opposite corner of the room. As Barbara
Jacobi had contrived to make herself familiar with all the gossip of
the city of Haarlem, the revelations of the pretended familiar were
such as to cause considerable embarrassment to those who beset her with
impertinent questions.


CALMUC OPINION OF LIGHTNING.

The Calmucs hold the lightning to be the fire spit out of the mouth of
a dragon, ridden and scourged by evil Dæmons, and the thunder they make
to be his roarings.


THE HEADING OF THE EXPIRING PENNSYLVANIA JOURNAL.

Journalism has had its trials and difficulties in England as well as in
America; but we do not remember to have ever seen a more quaint last
Number, than the subjoined _facsimile_ exhibits:--

[Illustration:

  The TIMES are
  Dreadful
  Dismal,
  Doleful
  Dolorous, and
  Dollar-less.

  An Emblem of the Effect
  of the Stamp
  Of the Fatal Stamp

  Adieu Adieu to the LIBERTY OF THE PRESS

  Thursday, October 31. 1765

  NUMB. 1195

  THE

  PENNSYLVANIA JOURNAL;

  AND

  WEEKLY ADVERTISER.

  EXPIRING: In Hopes of a Resurrection to LIFE again.

  I am sorry to be obliged to acquaint my Readers, that as The
  STAMP-ACT, is fear'd to be obligatory upon us after the _First of
  November_ ensuing, (the _fatal To-morrow_) the Publisher of this
  Paper unable to bear the Burthen, has thought it expedient TO STOP
  awhile, in order to deliberate, whether any Methods can be found to
  elude the Chains forged for us, and escape the insupportable Slavery;
  which it is hoped, from the last Representations now made against the
  Act, may be effected. Mean while, I must earnestly Request every
  Individual of my Subscribers, many of whom have been long behind Hand,
  that they would immediately Discharge their respective Arrers, that I
  may be able, not only to support myself during the Interval, but be
  better prepared to proceed again with this Paper, whenever an opening
  for that Purpose appears, which I hope will be soon.

  WILLIAM BRADFORD.]


NOSTRUMS.

Unsuccessful gamesters used formerly to make a knot in their linen, of
late years they have contented themselves with changing their chair
as a remedy against ill-luck. As a security against cowardice, it was
once only necessary to wear a pin plucked from the winding sheet of a
corpse. To insure a prosperous accouchement to your wife, you had but
to tie her girdle to a bell and ring it three times. To get rid of
warts, you were to fold up in a rag as many peas as you had warts, and
throw them upon the high road; when the unlucky person who picked them
up became your substitute. In the present day, to cure a toothache, you
go to your dentist. In the olden time you would have solicited alms in
honour of St. Lawrence, and been relieved without cost or pain.


PRECOCIOUS CHILDREN.

Baillet mentions one hundred and sixty-three children endowed with
extraordinary talents, among whom few arrived at an advanced age. The
two sons of Quintilian, so vaunted by their father, did not reach their
tenth year. Hermogenes, who, at the age of fifteen, taught rhetoric to
Marcus Aurelius, who triumphed over the most celebrated rhetoricians of
Greece, did not die, but at twenty-four, lost his faculties, and forgot
all he had previously acquired. Pica di Mirandola died at thirty-two;
Johannes Secundus at twenty-five; having at the age of fifteen composed
admirable Greek and Latin verses, and become profoundly versed in
jurisprudence and letters. Pascal, whose genius developed itself at ten
years old, did not attain the third of a century.

In 1791, a child was born at Lubeck, named Henri Heinekem, whose
precocity was miraculous. At ten months of age, he spoke distinctly;
at twelve, learnt the Pentateuch by rote, and at fourteen months, was
perfectly acquainted with the Old and New Testaments. At two years
of age, he was as familiar with Ancient History as the most erudite
authors of antiquity. Sanson and Danville only could compete with him
in geographical knowledge; Cicero would have thought him an "alter
ego," on hearing him converse in Latin; and in modern languages he was
equally proficient. This wonderful child was unfortunately carried off
in his fourth year. According to a popular proverb--"the sword wore out
the sheath."


EFFECT OF MUSIC ON A PIGEON.

Bingley gives a singular anecdote of the effect of music on a pigeon,
as related by John Lockman, in some reflections concerning operas,
prefixed to his musical drama of Rosalinda. He was staying at a
friend's house, whose daughter was a fine performer on the harpsichord,
and observed a pigeon, which, whenever the young lady played the song
of "Speri-si," in Handel's opera of Admetus (and this only), would
descend from an adjacent dove-house to the room-window where she sat,
and listen to it apparently with the most pleasing emotions; and when
the song was finished it always returned immediately to the dove-house.


POWER OF FASCINATION IN SNAKES.

Some animals are held in universal dread by others, and not the least
terrible is the effect produced by the rattle-snake. Mr. Pennant
says, that this snake will frequently lie at the bottom of a tree,
on which a squirrel is seated. He fixes his eyes on the animal, and
from that moment it cannot escape: it begins a doleful outcry, which
is so well known that a passer by, on hearing it, immediately knows
that a snake is present. The squirrel runs up the tree a little way,
comes down again, then goes up and afterwards comes still lower. The
snake continues at the bottom of the tree, with his eyes fixed on the
squirrel, and his attention is so entirely taken up, that a person
accidentally approaching may make a considerable noise, without so
much as the snake's turning about. The squirrel comes lower, and at
last leaps down to the snake, whose mouth is already distended for
its reception. Le Vaillant confirms this fascinating terror, by a
scene he witnessed. He saw on the branch of a tree a species of shrike
trembling as if in convulsions, and at the distance of nearly four
feet, on another branch, a large species of snake, that was lying with
outstretched neck and fiery eyes, gazing steadily at the poor animal.
The agony of the bird was so great that it was deprived of the power of
moving away, and when one of the party killed the snake, it was found
dead upon the spot--and that entirely from fear--for, on examination,
it appeared not to have received the slightest wound. The same
traveller adds, that a short time afterwards he observed a small mouse
in similar agonizing convulsions, about two yards from a snake, whose
eyes were intently fixed upon it; and on frightening away the reptile,
and taking up the mouse, it expired in his hand.


SECOND SIGHT.

About the year 1725, the marvellous history of a Portuguese woman
set the whole world of science into confusion, as will be found by
referring to the "Mercure de France." This female was said to possess
the gift of discovering treasures. Without any other aid than the keen
penetration of her eyes, she was able to distinguish the different
strata of earth, and pronounce unerringly upon the utmost distances at
a single glance. Her eye penetrated through every substance, even the
human body; and she could discern the mechanism, and circulation of
all animal fluids, and detect latent diseases; although less skilful
than the animal magnetisers, she did not affect to point out infallible
remedies. Ladies could learn from her the sex of their forthcoming
progeny.

The King of Portugal, greatly at a loss for water in his newly built
palace, consulted her; and after a glance at the spot, she pointed out
an abundant spring, upon which his Majesty rewarded her with a pension,
the order of Christ, and a patent of nobility.

In the exercise of her miraculous powers, certain preliminaries were
indispensable. She was obliged to observe a rigid fast; indigestion, or
the most trifling derangement of the stomach, suspending the marvellous
powers of her visual organs.

The men of science of the day were of course confounded by such
prodigies. But instead of questioning the woman, they consulted the
works of their predecessors; not forgetting the inevitable Aristotle.
By dint of much research, they found a letter from Huygens asserting
that there was a prisoner of war at Antwerp, who could see through
stuffs of the thickest texture provided they were not red. The
wonderful man was cited in confirmation of the wonderful woman, and
_vice versâ_.


CHARACTER INDICATED BY THE EARS.

According to Aristotle, large ears are indicative of imbecility; while
small ones announce madness. Ears which are flat, point out the rustic
and brutal man. Those of the fairest promise, are firm and of middling
size. Happy the man who boasts of square ears; a sure indication of
sublimity of soul and purity of life. Such, according to Suetonius,
were the ears of the Emperor Augustus.


GROANING BOARDS.

Groaning boards were the wonder in London in 1682. An elm plank was
exhibited to the king, which, being touched by a hot iron, invariably
produced a sound resembling deep groans. At the Bowman Tavern, in
Drury Lane, the mantel-piece did the same so well that it was supposed
to be part of the same elm-tree; and the dresser at the Queen's Arm
Tavern, St. Martin le Grand, was found to possess the same quality.
Strange times when such things were deemed wonderful; even to meriting
exhibition before the monarch.


ANCIENT PLOUGHING AND THRESHING.

The ancient plough was light, the draught comparatively easy; but then
the very lightness required that the ploughman should lean upon it with
his whole weight, or else it would glide over the soil without making
a single furrow. "Unless," said Pliny, "the ploughman stoop forward,
to press down the plough, as well as to conduct it, truly it will turn
aside."

[Illustration: Ancient Mode of Ploughing.]

Oxen were anciently employed in threshing corn, and the same custom is
still retained in Egypt and the east. This operation is effected by
trampling upon the sheaves, and by dragging a clumsy machine, furnished
with three rollers that turn on their axles. A wooden chair is attached
to the machine, and on this a driver seats himself, urging his oxen
backwards and forwards among the sheaves, which have previously been
thrown into a heap of about eight feet wide and two in height. The
grain thus beaten out, is collected in an open place, and shaken
against the wind by an attendant, with a small shovel, or, as it is
termed, a winnowing fan, which disperses the chaff and leaves the grain
uninjured:--

    "Thus, with autumnal harvests covered o'er,
     And thick bestrewn, lies Ceres' sacred floor;
     While round and round, with never-wearied pain,
     The trampling steers beat out th' unnumber'd grain."

              HOMER.

Horace further tells us, that the threshing floor was mostly a smooth
space, surrounded with mud walls, having a barn or garner on one side;
occasionally an open field, outside the walls, was selected for this
purpose, yet uniformly before the town or city gates. Such was the void
place wherein the king of Israel, and Jehoshaphat, king of Judah, sat
each of them on his throne, clothed in his robes, at the entering in of
the gate of Samaria, and all the prophets prophesied before them. In
the marginal reading we are informed, that this void space was no other
than a threshing floor; and truly the area was well adapted for such an
assemblage, being equally suited to accommodate the two kings and their
attendants, and to separate them from the populace.

[Illustration: Oxen Threshing Corn.]

Eastern ploughshares were of a lighter make than ours, and those who
notice the shortness and substance of ancient weapons, among such as
are preserved in museums, will understand how readily they might be
applied to agricultural uses.


FROST FAIRS.

In 1788-9, the Thames was completely frozen over below London-bridge.
Booths were erected on the ice; and puppet-shows, wild beasts,
bear-baiting, turnabouts, pigs and sheep roasted, exhibited the
various amusements of Bartholomew Fair multiplied and improved. From
Putney-bridge down to Redriff was one continued scene of jollity during
this seven weeks' saturnalia. The last frost fair was celebrated
in the year 1814. The frost commenced on 27th December, 1813, and
continued to the 5th February, 1814. There was a grand walk, or mall,
from Blackfriars-bridge to London-bridge, that was appropriately
named _The City Road_, and lined on each side with booths of all
descriptions. Several printing-presses were erected, and at one of
these an orange-coloured standard was hoisted, with "_Orange Boven_"
printed in large characters. There were E O and Rouge et Noir tables,
tee-totums, and skittles; concerts of rough music, viz. salt-boxes
and rolling-pins, gridirons and tongs, horns, and marrow-bones and
cleavers. The carousing booths were filled with merry parties, some
dancing to the sound of the fiddle, others sitting round blazing fires
smoking and drinking. A printer's devil bawled out to the spectators,
"Now is your time, ladies and gentlemen,--now is your time to support
the freedom of the press! Can the press enjoy greater liberty? Here you
find it working in the middle of the Thames!"


MAGIC RAIN STONE.

The Indian magi, who are to invoke Yo He Wah, and mediate with the
supreme holy fire that he may give seasonable rains, have a transparent
stone of supposed great power in assisting to bring down the rain, when
it is put in a basin of water, by a reputed divine virtue, impressed on
one of the like sort, in time of old, which communicates it circularly.
This stone would suffer a great decay, they assert, were it even seen
by their own laity; but if by foreigners, it would be utterly despoiled
of its divine communicative power.


THE BOMBARDIER BEETLE.

The bombardier beetle (_Carabus crepitans_) when touched produces a
noise resembling the discharge of a musket in miniature, during which
a blue smoke may be seen to proceed from its extremity. Rolander says
that it can give twenty discharges successively. A bladder placed near
its posterior extremity, is the arsenal that contains its store. This
is its chief defence against its enemies; and the vapour or liquid
that proceeds from it is of so pungent a nature, that if it happens to
be discharged into the eyes, it makes them smart as though brandy had
been thrown into them. The principal enemy of the bombardier is another
insect of the same tribe, but three or four times its size. When
pursued and fatigued it has recourse to this stratagem; it lies down in
the path of its enemy, who advances with open mouth to seize it; but on
the discharge of the artillery, this suddenly draws back, and remains
for a while confused, during which the bombardier conceals itself in
some neighbouring crevice, but if not lucky enough to find one, the
other returns to the attack, takes the insect by the head, and bears it
off.


THE PILLORY FOR EATING FLESH IN LENT.

Even in this kingdom, so late as the Reformation, eating flesh in
Lent was rewarded with the pillory. An instance of this occurs in
the "Patriot King," the particulars of which, quoted in "Clavis
Calendaria," are somewhat amusing. Thomas Freburn's wife, of
Paternoster-row, London, having expressed a particular inclination
for pig, one was procured, ready for the spit; but the butter-woman
who provided it, squeamish as to the propriety of what she had done,
carried a foot of it to the Dean of Canterbury. The Dean was at
dinner, and one of his guests was Freburn's landlord, and Garter King
at Arms, who sent to know if any of his family were ill, that he ate
flesh in Lent. 'All well,' quoth Freburn, (perhaps too much of a
Dissenter for the times,) 'only my wife longs for pig.' His landlord
sends for the Bishop of London's apparitor, and orders him to take
Freburn and his pig before Stocksly, the Bishop, who sent them both
to Judge Cholmley; but he not being at home, they were again brought
back to the Bishop, who committed them to the Compter. Next day, being
Saturday, Freburn was carried before the Lord Mayor, who sentenced
him to stand in the pillory on the Monday following, with one half
of the pig on one shoulder, and the other half on the other. Through
Cromwell's intercession, the poor man at last gained his liberty by a
bond of twenty pounds for his appearance. The mischief-making pig was,
by the order of the Bishop, buried in Finsbury-field, by the hand of
his Lordship's apparitor; but Freburn was turned out of his house, and
could not get another in four years. Hence we may infer his ruin.


HUGE CANNON AT THE SIEGE OF CONSTANTINOPLE.

In 1432, several kinds of artillery are mentioned, cannons, bombards,
vulgaires, coulverins. The vulgaires were ordinary artillery. In the
year 1460, James II. of Scotland was killed by the accidental bursting
of a cannon. The artillery of the Turks, in the year 1453, surpassed
whatever had yet appeared in the world. A stupendous piece of ordnance
was made by them; its bore was twelve palms, and the stone bullet
weighed about 600 lbs.; it was brought with great difficulty before
Constantinople, and was flanked by two almost of equal magnitude:
fourteen batteries were brought to bear against the place, mounting 130
guns; the great cannon could not be loaded and fired more than seven
times in one day. Mines were adopted by the Turks, and counter-mines
by the Christians. At this siege, which was in 1453, ancient and
modern artillery were both used. Cannons, intermingled with machines
for casting stones and darts, and the battering-ram was directed
against the walls. The fate of Constantinople could no longer be
averted: the diminutive garrison was exhausted by a double attack; the
fortifications were dismantled on all sides by the Ottoman cannon;
a spirit of discord impaired the Christian strength. After a siege
of fifty-three days, Constantinople, which had defied the power of
Chosroes, the Chagan, and the Caliphs, was subdued by the arms of
Mahomet II.


A MAN IN A VAULT ELEVEN DAYS.

_St. Benedict Fink._--"1673, April 23, was buried Mr Thomas Sharrow,
Cloth-worker, late Churchwarden of this parish, killed by an accidental
fall into a vault, in London Wall, Amen Corner, by Paternoster Row,
and was supposed had lain there eleven days and nights before any
one could tell where he was, _Let all that read this take heed of
drink._"--Truly, a quaint warning!


BLIND GRANNY.

[Illustration: [++] Blind Granny.]

This miserable, wretched, drunken object, who was blind of one eye,
used to annoy the passengers in the streets of London, while sober,
with licking her blind eye with her tongue, which was of a most
enormous length, and thickness; indeed, it was of such a prodigious
size, that her mouth could not contain it, and she could never close
her lips, or to use a common expression, keep her tongue within
her teeth. This wonderful feat of washing her eye with her tongue
was exhibited with a view of obtaining money from such as crowded
around her, and no sooner had she obtained sufficient means, but
she hastened to the first convenient liquor-shop, to indulge her
propensity in copious libations, and when properly inspired, would
rush into the streets with all the gestures of a frantic maniac, and
roll and dance about, until she became a little sobered, which was
sometimes accelerated by the salutary application of a pail of water,
gratuitously bestowed upon her by persons whose doorway she had taken
possession of, as shelter from the persecuting tormentings of boys and
girls who generally followed her.


ANCIENT FEMALE COSTUME.

[Illustration: [++] costume of a female of the higher classes.]

A good specimen of the costume of a female of the higher classes is
here given, from an effigy of a lady of the Ryther family, in Ryther
church, Yorkshire, engraved in Hollis's _Monumental Effigies_. She
wears a wimple, covering the neck and encircling the head, the hair
of which is gathered in plaits at the sides, and covered with a
kerchief, which falls upon the shoulders, and is secured by a fillet
passing over the forehead. The sleeves of the gown hang midway from
the elbow and the wrist, and display the tight sleeve with its rows of
buttons beneath. The mantle is fastened by a band of ribbon, secured
by ornamental studs. The lower part of the dress consists of the wide
gown, lying in folds, and completely concealing the feet, which have
been omitted, in order to display the upper part of this interesting
effigy to greater advantage.


CHILCOTT, THE GIANT.

1815. Died at Trenaw, in Cornwall, a person known by the appellation
of Giant Chilcott. He measured at the breast six feet nine inches, and
weighed four hundred and sixty pounds. One of his stockings held six
gallons of wheat.


DR. LETTSOM'S REASONS FOR DISMISSING A SERVANT.

The Doctor was in the practice of carrying the produce of his fees
carelessly in his coat-pocket. His footman being aware of this, used to
make free with a guinea occasionally, while it hung up in the passage.
The Doctor, having repeatedly missed his gold, was suspicious of the
footman, and took an opportunity of watching him. He succeeded in
the detection, and, without even noticing it to the other servants,
called him into his study, and coolly said to him, "John, art in want
of money?" "No;" replied John. "Oh! then, why didst thou make so free
with my pocket? And since thou didst not want money, and hast told me a
lie, I must part with thee. Now, say what situation thou wouldst like
abroad, and I will obtain it for thee; for I cannot keep thee; I cannot
recommend thee; therefore thou must go." Suffice it to say, the Doctor
procured John a situation, and he went abroad.


HANDBILL FROM PECKHAM FAIR IN 1726.

Our ancestors just 133 years ago had but limited opportunities for
gratifying a taste for Natural History if we may judge from the supply
of animals deemed sufficient to attract attention in 1726:--

"_Geo. I. R._

"To the lovers of living curiosities. To be seen during the time of
_Peckham Fair_, a Grand Collection of Living Wild Beasts and Birds,
lately arrived from the remotest parts of the World.

"1. The _Pellican_ that suckles her young with her heart's blood, from
Egypt.

"2. The Noble _Vultur Cock_, brought from _Archangell_, having the
finest tallons of any bird that seeks his prey; the fore part of his
head is covered with hair, the second part resembles the wool of a
Black; below that is a white ring, having a Ruff, that he cloaks his
head with at night.

"3. An _Eagle of the Sun_, that takes the loftiest flight of any bird
that flies. There is no bird but this that can fly to the face of the
Sun with a naked eye.

"4. A curious Beast, bred from a _Lioness_, like a foreign _Wild Cat_.

"5. The _He-Panther_, from Turkey, allowed by the curious to be one of
the greatest rarities ever seen in _England_, on which are thousands of
spots, and not two of a likeness.

"6 & 7. The two fierce and surprising _Hyænas_, Male and Female, from
the River _Gambia_. These Creatures imitate the human voice, and so
decoy the Negroes out of their huts and plantations to devour them.
They have a mane like a horse, and two joints in their hinder leg more
than any other creature. It is remarkable that all other beasts are to
be tamed, but _Hyænas_ they are not.

"8. An _Ethiopian Toho Savage_, having all the actions of the human
species, which (when at its full growth) will be upwards of five feet
high.

"Also several other surprising Creatures of different sorts. To be seen
from 9 in the morning till 9 at night, till they are sold. Also, all
manner of curiosities of different sorts, are bought and sold at the
above place by John Bennett."


SOMNAMBULISM.

Some years ago a Hampshire Baronet was nearly driven to distraction
by the fact that, every night, he went to bed in a shirt, and every
morning awoke naked, without the smallest trace of the missing garment
being discovered.

Hundreds of shirts disappeared in this manner; and as there was no fire
in his room, it was impossible to account for the mystery. The servants
believed their master to be mad; and even he began to fancy himself
bewitched. In this conjuncture, he implored an intimate friend to
sleep in the room with him; and ascertain by what manner of mysterious
midnight visitant his garment was so strangely removed. The friend,
accordingly, took up his station in the haunted chamber; and lo! as the
clock struck one, the unfortunate Baronet, who had previously given
audible intimation of being fast asleep, rose from his bed, rekindled
with a match the candle which had been extinguished, deliberately
opened the door, and quitted the room. His astonished friend followed:
saw him open in succession a variety of doors, pass along several
passages, traverse an open court, and eventually reach the stable-yard;
where he divested himself of his shirt, and disposed of it in an old
dung-heap, into which he thrust it by means of a pitchfork. Having
finished this extraordinary operation, without taking the smallest heed
of his friend who stood looking on, and plainly saw that he was walking
in his sleep, he returned to the house, carefully reclosed the doors,
re-extinguished the light, and returned to bed; where the following
morning he awoke as usual, stripped of his shirt!

The astonished eye-witness of this extraordinary scene, instead of
apprising the sleep-walker of what had occurred, insisted that the
following night, a companion should sit up with him; choosing to have
additional testimony to the truth of the statement he was about to
make; and the same singular events were renewed, without the slightest
change or deviation. The two witnesses, accordingly, divulged all they
had seen to the Baronet; who, though at first incredulous, became of
course convinced, when, on proceeding to the stable-yard, several
dozens of shirts were discovered; though it was surmised that as many
more had been previously removed by one of the helpers, who probably
looked upon the hoard as stolen goods concealed by some thief.


KILLED BY EATING MUTTON AND PUDDING.

_Teddington._--"James Parsons, who had often eat a shoulder of mutton
or a peck of hasty pudding, at a time, which caused his death, buried
March 7, 1743-4, aged 36."


CORAL REEFS.

Coral reefs are produced by innumerable small zoophytes, properly
called _Coral-insects_. The Coral insect consists of a little oblong
bag of jelly closed at one end, but having the other extremity open,
and surrounded by tentacles or feelers, usually six or eight in number,
set like the rays of a star. Multitudes of these diminutive animals
unite to form a common stony skeleton called _Coral_, or _Madrepore_,
in the minute openings of which they live, protruding their mouths
and tentacles when under water; but suddenly drawing them into their
holes when danger approaches. These animals cannot exist at a greater
depth in the sea than about ten fathoms, and as the Coral Islands often
rise with great steepness from a sea more than three hundred fathoms
deep, it would seem that a great alteration must have taken place in
the depth of the ocean since the time when these little architects
commenced their labours. Throughout the whole range of the Polynesian
and Australasian islands, there is scarcely a league of sea unoccupied
by a coral reef, or a coral island; the former springing up to the
surface of the water, perpendicularly from the fathomless bottom,
"deeper than did ever plummet sound;" and the latter in various stages,
from the low and naked rock, with the water rippling over it, to an
uninterrupted forest of tall trees.

"Every one," says Mr. Darwin, "must be struck with astonishment when
he first beholds one of these vast rings of coral rock, often many
leagues in diameter, here and there surmounted by a low verdant island
with dazzling white shores, bathed on the outside by the foaming
breakers of the ocean, and on the inside surrounding a calm expanse of
water, which, from reflection, is of a bright but pale green colour.
The naturalist will feel this astonishment more deeply after having
examined the soft and almost gelatinous bodies of these apparently
insignificant creatures; and when he knows that the solid reef
increases only on the outer edge, which, day and night, is lashed by
the breakers of an ocean never at rest."

[Illustration: [++] Coral Reefs.]

Coral being beautiful in form and colour, is sought after for purposes
of ornament; and its fishery or gathering gives employment to many
persons in the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, the Mediterranean, and other
places. In the Straits of Messina, the rocks which yield coral are from
about 350 to 650 feet below the surface of the water. The coral here
grows to about the height or length of twelve inches, and requires
eight or ten years to come to perfection. In the general mode of
fishing for coral, the instrument used consists of two heavy beams of
wood, secured together at right angles, and loaded with stones to sink
them.


MILITARY HATS IN OLDEN TIME.

[Illustration:

  No. 1, Charles I.
  No. 2, William III.
  No. 3, Nivernois.
  No. 4, Kevenhuller.
  No. 5, Ramilies.
  No. 6, Wellington.]


WHY A MAN MEASURES MORE IN THE MORNING THAN IN THE EVENING, &c.

There is an odd phenomenon attending the human body, as singular as
common: that a person is shorter standing than lying; and shorter in
the evening when he goes to bed, than in the morning when he rises.

This remark was first made in England, and afterwards confirmed at
Paris, by M. Morand, a member of the Royal Academy of Sciences in
France, and by the Abbot Fontana likewise.

The last-mentioned person found, from a year's experience, that
ordinarily in the night he gained five or six lines, and lost nearly as
much in the day.

The cause of which effect, so ancient, so common, but so lately
perceived, proceeds from the different state or condition of the
intervertebral annular cartilages.

The vertebræ, or joints of the spine, are kept separate, though joined
by particular cartilages, every one of which has a spring. These yield
on all sides, without any inflexion on the spine, to the weight of
the head and upper extremities; but this is done by very small and
imperceptible degrees, and most of all when the upper parts of the body
are loaded with any exterior weight. So that a man is really taller
after lying some time, than after walking, or carrying a burthen a
great while.

For this reason it is that, in the day and evening, while one is
sitting or standing, the superior parts of the body that weigh or press
upon the inferior, press those elastic annular cartilages, the bony
jointed work is contracted, the superior parts of the body descend
towards the inferior, and proportionably as one approaches the other,
the height of the stature diminishes.

Hence it was, that a fellow enlisting for a soldier, by being measured
over-night, was found deficient in height, and therefore refused; but
by accident being gauged again the next morning, and coming up to the
stature, he was admitted.

On the contrary, in the night-time, when the body is laid a-bed, as
it is in an horizontal situation, or nearly so, the superior parts
do not weigh, or but very little, upon the inferior; the spring of
the cartilages is unbent, the vertebræ are removed from one another,
the long jointed work of the spine is dilated, and the body thereby
prolonged; so that a person finds himself about half an inch, or more,
higher in stature in the morning than when going to bed. This is the
most natural and simple reason that can be given, for the different
heights of the same person at different times.


A SENSIBLE DOG REFUSING TO BAIT A CAT.

A dustman of the name of Samuel Butcher, residing at Mile-end, who
kept a large dog, having taken it into his head to divert himself and
others, a few days ago, by the cruel sport of cat baiting, which the
dog refusing to perform to the satisfaction of his master, was beat by
him in a most brutal manner, when the animal at length, in retaliation,
flew at his unmerciful keeper, and inflicted very severe wounds about
his face, limbs, and body, in some instances tearing large mouthfuls of
his flesh quite clean out, and at one time clung so fast to the man,
that before he disengaged from him the animal's throat was obliged to
be cut. The man was promptly conveyed to the London Hospital, and there
died of the injuries he received.


A HORSE GETTING HIMSELF SHOD.

A horse having been turned into a field by its owner, Mr. Joseph Lane,
of Fascombe, in the parish of Ashelworth, was missed therefrom the
next morning, and the usual inquiries set afoot, as to what could have
become of him. He had, it seems, been shod (all fours) a few days
before, and _as usual_ got pinched in a foot. Feeling, no doubt, a
lively sense of proper shoeing, and desirous of relieving the cause of
pain, he contrived to unhang the gate of his pasture with his mouth,
and make the best of his way to the smithy, a distance of a mile and a
half from Fascombe, waiting respectfully at the door until the bungling
_artist_ got up. The smith relates that he found him there at opening
his shed; that the horse advanced to the forge and held up his ailing
foot; and that he himself, upon examination, discovered the injury,
took off the shoe, and replaced it more carefully, which having done,
the sagacious creature set off at a merry pace homewards. Soon after,
Mr. Lane's servants passed by the forge in quest of the animal, and
upon inquiry, received for answer--"Oh, he has been here and got shod,
and is gone home again."


MAN WITHOUT HANDS.

The following account is extracted from a letter sent to the Rev. Mr.
Wesley by a person named Walton, dated Bristol, October 14, 1788:--

"I went with a friend to visit this man, who highly entertained us at
breakfast, by putting his half-naked foot upon the table as he sat,
and carrying his tea and toast between his great and second toe to
his mouth, with as much facility as if his foot had been a hand, and
his toes fingers. I put half a sheet of paper upon the floor, with a
pen and ink-horn: he threw off his shoes as he sat, took the ink-horn
in the toes of his left foot, and held the pen in those of his right.
He then wrote three lines, as well as most ordinary writers, and as
swiftly. He writes out all his own bills, and other accounts. He then
showed how he shaves himself with a razor in his toes, and how he combs
his own hair. He can dress and undress himself, except buttoning his
clothes. He feeds himself, and can bring both his meat or his broth to
his mouth, by holding the fork or spoon in his toes. He cleans his own
shoes; can clean the knives, light the fire, and do almost every other
domestic business as well as any other man. He can make his hen-coops.
He is a farmer by occupation; he can milk his own cows with his toes,
and cut his own hay, bind it up in bundles, and carry it about the
field for his cattle. Last winter he had eight heifers constantly to
fodder. The last summer he made all his own hay-ricks. He can do all
the business of the hay-field (except mowing), as fast and as well,
with only his feet, as others can with rakes and forks. He goes to the
field and catches his horse; he saddles and bridles him with his feet
and toes. If he has a sheep among his flock that ails anything, he can
separate it from the rest, drive it into a corner, and catch it when
nobody else can. He then examines it, and applies a remedy to it. He is
so strong in his teeth, that he can lift ten pecks of beans with them.
He can throw a great sledge-hammer as far with his feet as other men
can with their hands. In a word, he can nearly do as much without, as
others can with, their arms. He began the world with a hen and chicken;
with the profit of these he purchased an ewe; the sale of these
procured him a ragged colt (as he expressed it) and then a better;
after this he raised a few sheep, and now occupies a small farm."


THE THIEF CAUGHT IN HIS OWN TRAP.

A man having, some years since, stolen a sheep at Mitcham, in Surrey,
tied its hind legs together, and put them over his forehead to carry it
away, but in getting over a gate the sheep, it is thought, struggled,
and, by a sudden spring, slipped its feet down to his throat; for they
were found in that posture, the sheep hanging on one side of this gate
and the man dead on the other.


COSTUME OF THE LADIES IN THE TIME OF THE PLANTAGENETS.

The ladies' costume may be seen to advantage in the annexed engraving
from the Sloane MSS., No. 3983. A wimple or gorget is wrapped round
the neck, and is fastened by pins at the sides of the face, which are
covered above the ears; a gown of capacious size, unconfined at the
waist and loose in the sleeves, trails far behind in the dirt. The
under-garment, which is darker, has sleeves that fit closely; and
it appears to be turned over, and pinned up round the bottom. The
unnecessary amount of stuff that was used in ladies' robes rendered
them obnoxious to the satirists of that period.

[Illustration: [++] proud woman who wore a white dress.]

In Mr. Wright's collection of Latin stories, published by the Percy
Society, there is one of the fourteenth century, which is so curious an
instance of monkish satire, and is so apt an illustration of the cut
before us, that I cannot resist presenting it to my readers. It runs
thus:--

"_Of a Proud Woman._--I have heard of a proud woman who wore a white
dress with a long train, which, trailing behind her, raised a dust as
far as the altar and the crucifix. But, as she left the church, and
lifted up her train on account of the dirt, a certain holy man saw a
devil laughing; and having adjured him to tell why he laughed, the
devil said, "A companion of mine was just now sitting on the train of
that woman, using it as if it were his chariot, but when she lifted her
train up, my companion was shaken off into the dirt: and that is why I
was laughing."


CORPULENT MAN. NOTTINGHAM, 1819.

November 10.--Death of Mr. Henry Bucknall, confectioner,
Chandlers-lane, aged forty-nine. He was excessively corpulent, weighing
more than twenty-five stone, and died very suddenly, immediately after
eating a hearty breakfast. In Lord Howe's memorable engagement, on the
1st of June, 1794, he had served as a marine on board the Brunswick.
His interment, at St. Mary's New Burial-ground, on the 14th, drew
together a large concourse of spectators. The coffin was of enormous
size, and nearly equalled the body in weight. It was made of excellent
oak, was 6 feet 8 inches in length, and 2 feet 11 inches across the
breast; the bottom was 2-1/2 inches thick, the sides 1-1/2, and the
lid 1. The whole, including the body, considerably exceeded five
hundred-weight.


TAKING A MAN TO PIECES AND SETTING HIM UP AGAIN.

"Don John, of Austria," says Staveley, "Governor of the Netherlands for
Philip the 2d of Spain, dying at his camp at Buge (Bouges, a mile from
Namur), was carried from thence to the great church at Havre, where his
funeral was solemnised, and a monument to posterity erected for him
there by Alexander Farnese, the Prince of Parma. Afterwards his body
was taken to pieces, and the bones, packed in mails, were privately
carried into Spain, where being set together with small wires, the
body was rejointed again, which being filled or stuffed with cotton,
and richly habited, Don John was presented to the king entire, leaning
on his commander's staff. Afterwards the corpse being carried to the
church of St. Laurence, at the Escurial, was there buried near his
father, Charles V., with a fitting monument for him."


ORNAMENTS OF FEMALE DRESS IN THE TIMES OF THE ANCIENT BRITONS.

[Illustration: [++] Necklace of Beads.]

Fig. 1 is a necklace of beads, each bead being cut so as to represent
a group of several, and give the effect of many small round beads to
what are in reality long and narrow ones. Fig. 2 is a necklace of
simpler construction, consisting of a row of rudely-shaped beads, its
centre being remarkable for containing a rude attempt at representing a
human face, the only thing of the kind Hoare discovered of so ancient
a date in Britain. Fig. 3 is another necklace, consisting of a series
of curious little shells, like the hirlas horn used by the Britons,
which are perforated lengthways, and thus strung together. Fig. 4 is a
pin of iron, supposed to have been used as a fastening for a mantle; it
is ornamented with two movable rings. Fig. 5 is a small gold ornament,
checkered like a chessboard, and suspended from a chain of beautiful
workmanship, which, in taste and execution, bears a striking similarity
to our modern curb-chains. Fig. 6 is an ear-ring, a bead suspended
from a twisted wire of gold. Fig. 7 is a brass ornament, and Fig. 8 a
similar one of gold: such ornaments are usually found upon the breasts
of the exhumed skeletons of our barrows, and were probably fastened on
their clothes as ornaments. Their cruciform character might lead to a
doubt of their high antiquity, if we were not aware of the fact, that
the symbol of the cross was worn, as an amulet or ornament, ages before
the Christian era.


LARGE EEL.

Lately, near Malden, an eel was taken, measuring _five feet six inches
in length, seventeen in girth_, and weighing _26 pounds_, the largest
of the species ever caught, or described in natural history.


PERSEVERING DOG.

A boast being made of the obedience of a Newfoundland dog in fetching
and carrying, the master put a marked shilling under a large square
stone by the road side, and, having ridden on three miles, ordered
the dog to go back and fetch it. The dog set off, but did not return
the whole day. He had gone to the place, and being unable to turn the
stone, sat howling by it. Two horsemen came by and saw his distress,
and one of them alighting removed the stone, and finding the shilling,
put it in his pocket, not supposing that the dog could possibly be
looking for that. The dog followed the horses for upwards of twenty
miles, stayed in the room where they supped, got into the bed-room, got
the breeches in which the fatal shilling had been put, made his escape
with them, and dragged them through mud and mire, hedge and ditch, to
his master's house.


CURE FOR CORPULENCE.

A few years ago, a man of about forty years of age, hired himself as a
labourer, in one of the most considerable ale-breweries in the City: at
this time he was a personable man; stout, active, and not fatter than a
moderate-sized man in high health should be. His chief occupation was
to superintend the working of the new beer, and occasionally to set up
at night to watch the sweet-wort, an employment not requiring either
activity or labour; of course, at these times, he had an opportunity of
tasting the liquor, of which, it appears, he always availed himself;
besides this, he had constant access to the new beer. Thus leading a
quiet inactive life, he began to increase in bulk, and continued to
enlarge, until, in a very short time, he became of such an unwieldy
size, as to be unable to move about, and was too big to pass up the
brewhouse staircase; if by any accident he fell down, he was unable to
get up again without help. The integuments of his face hung down to
the shoulders and breast: the fat was not confined to any particular
part, but diffused over the whole of his body, arms, legs, &c., making
his appearance such as to attract the attention of all who saw him. He
left this service to go into the country, being a burthen to himself,
and totally useless to his employers. About two years afterwards he
called upon his old masters in very different shape to that above
described, being reduced in size nearly half, and weighing little
more than ten stone. The account that he gave of himself was, that as
soon as he had quitted the brewhouse he went into Bedfordshire, where
having soon spent the money he had earned, and being unable to work,
he was brought into such a state of poverty, as to be scarcely able to
obtain the sustenance of life, often being a whole day without food;
that he drank very little, and that was generally water. By this mode
of living he began to diminish in size, so as to be able to walk about
with tolerable ease. He then engaged himself to a farmer, with whom he
stayed a considerable time, and in the latter part of his service he
was able to go through very hard labour, being sometimes in the field
ploughing and following various agricultural concerns, for a whole day,
with no other food than a small pittance of bread and cheese. This was
the history he gave of the means by which this extraordinary change was
brought about. He added, his health had never been so good as it then
was.


WORSHIP OF THE SUN AND MOON.

The Sun was first worshipped, probably, as a bright manifestation of
God, but soon began to be regarded as the Deity himself. The Moon,
in the absence of the Sun, and next in splendour, would succeed
it in superstitious attention. And so we find the Romans, as well
as the Saxons, dedicating the first and second days of the week
respectively to these "great lights." Formerly, festivals were held
on the appearance of a New Moon; and in some parts of England it is
still customary to bless it, and in Scotland at the same time to drop
a courtesy. And in times not long past, the influence of the Moon was
considered to be so great as to regulate the growth of air, and the
effect of medicine, and to cause steeples and other elevated buildings
to bend from their upright positions.


A SEA ABOVE THE SKY.

This belief is curiously illustrated by two legendary stories preserved
by Gervase of Tilbury. "One Sunday," he says, "the people of a village
in England were coming out of church on a thick cloudy day, when they
saw the anchor of a ship hooked to one of the tombstones; the cable,
which was tightly stretched, hanging down from the air. The people were
astonished, and while they were consulting about it, suddenly they saw
the rope move as though some one laboured to pull up the anchor. The
anchor, however, still held fast by the stone, and a great noise was
suddenly heard in the air, like the shouting of sailors. Presently a
sailor was seen sliding down the cable for the purpose of unfixing the
anchor; and when he had just loosened it, the villagers seized hold of
him, and while in their hands he quickly died, just as though he had
been drowned. About an hour after, the sailors above, hearing no more
of their comrade, cut the cable and sailed away. In memory of this
extraordinary event, the people of the village made the hinges of the
church doors out of the iron of the anchor, and 'there they are still
to be seen.'--At another time, a merchant of Bristol set sail with
his cargo for Ireland. Some time after this, while his family were at
supper, a knife suddenly fell in through the window on the table. When
the husband returned, he saw the knife, declared it to be his own, and
said that on such a day, at such an hour, while sailing in an unknown
part of the sea, he dropped the knife overboard, and the day and hour
were known to be exactly the time when it fell through the window.
These accidents, Gervase thinks, are a clear proof of there being a sea
above hanging over us."--_St. Patrick's Purgatory. By Thos. Wright._
1844.


THE PAPYRUS.

Paper as we now have it, that is to say, paper made of the pulp of
fibrous materials, pressed into thin sheets, dried, and, when intended
for writing or printing purposes, sized, is of comparatively modern
introduction to Europe and Western Asia; although the Chinese appear to
have formed paper out of silk pulp, mixed with the inner pith of the
bamboo, as early at least as 95 A.D.:--not from time immemorial, as
some authors have stated, because the circumstance is well attested,
that in the time of Confucius, the Chinese wrote with a style on the
inner bark of trees.

[Illustration: Papyrus Roll, from a Specimen in the British Museum.]

Before the invention of paper, the surfaces employed for writing upon
were numerous. Surfaces of lead or other metal; tables covered with
wax, skins of animals,--(parchment in fact)--all were used; but no one
of these was ever so extensively employed as the Egyptian papyrus,
whenever the latter material could be obtained. So soon, however, as
the Saracens in the seventh century conquered Egypt, the exportation of
papyrus was at an end; and writing surfaces became so scarce in Europe
that many ancient documents of great value were erased in order to
render them adapted for being written on once more. Thus perished many
treasures of antiquity.

As the Saracens closed the avenue of supply for the ancient papyrus,
so they compensated to Europe for this deprivation by discovering the
manufacture of ordinary paper--at least paper made in the ordinary
modern fashion,--though the material was cotton, not linen. This
discovery was made some time anterior to the year 706 A.D., for at
that period a manufactory of paper existed at Samarcand. In the
eighth century the Saracens conquered Spain, and introduced into the
Peninsula, amongst other arts, that of the manufacture of paper, which
art was a long time finding its way into other parts of Europe,--in
Italy not until the eleventh or twelfth century. The vast amount of
papyrus which must have been employed in Italy, may be inferred
from the number of rolls or _scapi_ of this substance discovered in
Herculaneum and Pompeii; also from a perusal of many existing documents
bearing directly or indirectly on this branch of commerce. Even so late
as the commencement of the sixth century, Cassiodorus congratulated the
world on the abolition, by King Theodoric, of the high duty on papyrus
from Egypt; and he spoke in high flown terms of the great utility of
the material. The latest papyrus roll known is of the twelfth century,
containing a brief of Pope Paschal II., in favour of the Archiepiscopal
see of Ravenna.

[Illustration: Syrian Papyrus Without Flowers.]

[Illustration: Syrian Papyrus With Flowers.]

The various species of papyrus plants belong to the natural order
"Cyperaceæ," or sedges, of botanists; a main characteristic of which is
a certain triangularity of stem. The method of constructing a writing
surface from these stems was as follows:--The available portion being
cut off (it was seldom more than twelve inches in length), and split,
or, more properly speaking, unfolded into thin sheets, which were glued
together transversely in such a manner that the original length of the
papyrus stem became the breadth of the future sheet; the length of
which might be increased at the pleasure of the operator. Frequently
the manufactured scrolls were more than thirty feet long. As different
methods prevail in the manufacture of our ordinary paper, so in like
manner there were different processes of fashioning the papyrus into
shape. The rudest manufacture appears to have been that of Egypt, and
the best papyrus sheets appear to have been made in Rome during the
Augustine Æra. The preceding sketch represents a papyrus roll, copied
from a specimen in the Egyptian Room of the British Museum.

Considering the numerous pieces entering into the composition of the
roll, of which our illustration represents a portion, the lines of
juncture are remarkably well concealed, only a sort of grain being
visible. The surface, moreover, is smoothed, and its colour very
much like that of India paper. The hieroglyphics are coloured as is
usual, red is the predominant tint, and the colours are no less well
demarcated and separate than they would have been on glazed paper.

Our preceding wood-cuts represent the Sicilian or Syrian papyrus,
hitherto termed _cyperus papyrus_, in two states of development--one
with flowers, the other without. In order that inflorescence may take
place, the plant requires to be well supplied with water.


EXECUTION IN 1733.

_Friday, March 9_--Was executed at Northampton, William Alcock, for the
murder of his wife. He never own'd the fact, nor was at all concerned
at his approaching death; refusing the prayers and assistance of any
persons. In the morning he drank more than was sufficient, yet sent and
paid for a pint of wine, which being deny'd him, he would not enter
the cart before he had his money return'd. On his way to the gallows
he sung part of an old song of "Robin Hood," with the chorus, "Derry,
derry, down," &c., and swore, kick'd, and spurn'd at every person that
laid hold of the cart; and before he was turn'd off, took off his
shoes, to avoid a well known proverb; and being told by a person in the
cart with him, it was more proper for him to read, or hear somebody
read to him, than so vilely to swear and sing, he struck the book out
of the person's hands, and went on damning the spectators and calling
for wine. Whilst psalms and prayers were performing at the tree he did
little but talk to one or other, desiring some to remember him, others
to drink to his good journey, and to the last moment declared the
injustice of his case.


DOG FRIENDSHIP.

At Bishops Stortford there were two dogs, which belonged to nobody, and
lived upon the quay of the river or canal there. They took the greatest
delight in rat hunting, and when the maltsters went about at night to
see that all was safe, these dogs invariably followed them. Their mode
of proceeding was very ingenious. As soon as the door of the malt-house
was unlocked, one rushed in and coursed round the warehouse, not
chasing any rat which might start, but pursuing its way among the malt.
The other stood at the door and snapped at the rats as they endeavoured
to escape. The one standing at the door was known to kill six rats,
all of which had rushed to the door at the same time. The next room
they came to, they would change posts; the one which hunted before,
now standing at the door and seizing the prey. By this means the dogs
killed in the malting-houses of one maltster alone, upwards of 2,000
rats in the course of one year. One of them on one occasion killed
sixty-seven in less than five minutes. They seemed to pursue the sport
simply for their amusement.


ALL HUMBUGS.

Just as a strolling actor at Newcastle had advertised his benefit, a
remarkable stranger, no less than the _Prince Annamaboo_, arrived, and
placarded the town that he granted audiences at a shilling a-head. The
stroller, without delay, waited on the proprietor of the _Prince_, and
for a good round sum prevailed on him to command his Serene Highness
to exhibit his august person on his benefit night. The bills of the
day announced that between the acts of the comedy _Prince Annamaboo_
would give a lively representation of the _scalping operation_, sound
the _Indian war-whoop_ in all its melodious tones, practice the
tomahawk exercise, and dine _à la cannibal_. An intelligent mob were
collected to witness these interesting exploits. At the conclusion of
the third act, his _Highness_ marched forward flourishing his tomahawk,
and shouting, "_Ha, ha!--ho, ho!_" Next entered a man with his face
blacked, and a piece of bladder fastened to his head with gum; the
_Prince_, with an enormous carving-knife, began the scalping part of
the entertainment, which he performed in a truly _imperial_ style,
holding up the piece of bladder as a token of triumph. Next came the
war-whoop, an unearthly combination of discordant sounds; and lastly,
the banquet, consisting of raw beef-steaks, which he rolled up into
rouleaus, and devoured with right royal avidity. Having finished
his delicate repast, he wielded his tomahawk in an exulting manner,
bellowed "_Ha, ha!--ho, ho!_" and made his exit. The _bénéficiaire_
strolling through the market-place the following-day, spied the most
puissant _Prince Annamaboo_ selling penknives, scissors, and quills,
in the character of a Jew pedlar. "What!" said the astonished _Lord
Townley_, "my _Prince_, is it you? Are you not a pretty circumcised
little scoundrel to impose upon us in this manner?" Moses turned round,
and with an arch look, replied, "_Princh_ be d--d! I _vash_ no Princh;
I _vash_ acting like you. Your troop _vash_ Lords and Ladies last
night; and to-night dey vil be Kings, _Prinches_, and Emperor! I _vash
humpugs_, you _vash humpugs_, all _vash humpugs_!"


REDUCING WEIGHT.

A gentleman, of great respectability in the mercantile world, who
weighed thirty-two stone nine pounds, put himself upon a strict diet of
_four ounces of animal food_, _six ounces_ of bread, and _two pounds
of liquid_, in twenty-four hours. In one week he lost thirty pounds
weight, and in six months he was diminished the astonishing quantity of
one hundred and thirty-four pounds. His health and spirits were much
improved, and considering his remaining size of twenty-three stone, he
was very active.


ANECDOTE OF A SERPENT.

Lord Monboddo relates the following singular anecdote of a serpent:--"I
am well informed of a tame serpent in the East Indies, which belonged
to the late Dr. Vigot, once kept by him in the suburbs of Madras. This
serpent was taken by the French, when they invested Madras, and was
carried to Pondicherry in a close carriage. But from thence, he found
his way back again to his old quarters, though Madras was above one
hundred miles distant from Pondicherry."


ENGLAND BEFORE THE ROMANS.

[Illustration [++] Shoes of Raw Cow-Hide.]

Before the Roman invasion, the dress of its chieftains consisted of
a close coat or covering for the body, called by Dio a tunic, and
described as checkered with various colours in divisions. It was open
before, and had long close sleeves to the wrist. Below were loose
pantaloons, called by the Irish _brigis_, and by the Romans _brages_
and _bracæ_; whence the modern term "breeches." Over their shoulders
was thrown the mantle or cloak, called by the Romans _sagum_, and
derived from the Celtic word _saic_, which signified a skin or hide,
and which was the original cloak of the country. Diodorus tells us
that it was of one uniform colour, generally either blue or black, the
predominating tint in the checkered trousers and tunic being red. On
their heads they wore a conical cap, which derived its name from the
"cab," or hut of the Briton, which was of similar form. On their feet
were shoes made of raw cow-hide, that had the hair turned outward, and
which reached to the ankles. Shoes so constructed were worn within the
last few years in Ireland; and we engrave two from specimens in the
Royal Irish Academy. One is of cow-hide, and drawn together by a string
over the foot; and the other has a leather thong, which is fastened
beneath the heel inside, and, passing over the instep, draws the shoe
like a purse over the foot. It is of untanned leather.


ROMANS IN BRITAIN--DRESS OF NATIVE FEMALES AT THAT PERIOD.

[Illustration: [++] Female Roman Shoes.]

The British _gwn_, from whence comes the modern "gown," descended to
the middle of the thigh, the sleeves barely reaching to the elbows:
it was sometimes confined by a girdle. Beneath this a longer dress
reached to the ancles. The hair was trimmed after the Roman fashion;
and upon the feet, when covered, were sometimes worn shoes of a
costly character, of which we know the Romans themselves to have
been fond. An extremely beautiful pair was discovered upon opening a
Roman burial-place at Southfleet in Kent, in 1802. They were placed
in a stone sarcophagus, between two large glass urns or vases, each
containing a considerable quantity of burnt bones. They were of
superb and expensive workmanship, being made of fine purple leather,
reticulated in the form of hexagons all over, and each hexagonal
division worked with gold, in an elaborate and beautiful manner.

[Illustration: The Catacombs. Rome.]

Amid the ruins of stately temples, and numerous remains of the "Eternal
City," there are no objects which have such great and general interest
as the subterranean churches, dwellings, and places of sepulchre of the
early Christians, which perforate, by a network of excavations, the
neighbourhood of Rome.

The great increase in the extent and magnificence of Rome during
the times of the Republic, led to the formation of quarries in the
surrounding parts. The peculiar nature of the soil has caused the
excavations to be made in a manner similar to that used in the working
of coal, iron, stone, lime, &c. The useful material has, in fact, been
cleared away, leaving long ranges of dark caves and passages. After
the stone had been removed from these underground quarries, it was,
for many centuries, customary to work out the sand for the purpose of
making cement. Vitruvius has stated that the sand obtained from the
Esquiline pits was preferable to any other. Ultimately the quarries
and sandpits extended to a distance of upwards of fifteen miles on
one side of Rome. Parts of this large range of excavations were from
time to time used as burial-grounds by such of the Romans as could not
afford the cost of burning the bodies of their dead relations. And, in
addition, the Esquiline hills became infested by banditti, and was from
these various causes rendered almost impassable.

In these excavations, it is said, that not only persons, but cattle,
contrived to support existence; and although it was well known that
large numbers were lodged in these dismal dwellings, their intricacy
and numberless entrances rendered them a comparatively secure retreat.
It is related that attempts were made to cover the galleries with
earth, in order to destroy those who were concealed within.

[Illustration: [++] Inscription in the Catacombs.]

In course of time the catacombs became, with the exception of one or
two, neglected and filled up with rubbish, and remained for a period
of upwards of one thousand years untouched and almost unknown. In the
sixteenth century the whole range of the catacombs were reopened, and
numerous inscriptions and other matters connected with the struggles
and hardships of the early Christians brought to light. The annexed
brief memorial will show the general style of the lettering.


OBSOLETE MODES OF PUNISHMENT.

Ante page 60, we gave representations of some ancient instruments of
punishment and torture, all more or less terrible in their character,
the use of which, for many a long year, has been happily abandoned. As
a companion to this group, we have engraved a few of the instruments
of punishment by which criminals of a vulgar character were sought
to be reformed. The first of these is the felon's brand, the mark of
which rendered a man infamous for life. Figure 1, p. 90 represents the
instrument itself. Figure 2, the mark branded in, which latter has
been engraved the exact size. The device, which is deeply cut into the
metal, is a gallows, such as was used before the invention of the Drop
and the Wheel for Execution and torture.

The Stocks and Whipping-post, although long since removed from London
Bridge, may be met with in retired country places. We have noticed
some characteristic examples in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire,
where some of the may-poles, day-wheels, and other curious relics, may
still be seen.[2] In some instances the Stocks and Whipping-posts were
richly carved, and clamped with iron work of an ornamental character.
We remember seeing the stocks used within the last thirty years, once
at Newcastle-on-Tyne, and once at Gateshead, the adjoining town. The
culprit in the one instance was an elector, who, in the excess of zeal
and beer, during an old-fashioned contested election, rushed into one
of the churches during the Sunday's service, and shouted out, "Bell
(one of the candidates) for ever." He was speedily taken hold of,
and placed for several hours in the stocks in the churchyard; and,
as the stimulating effect of the strong drink passed away, he looked
a deplorable object, decked as he was with numerous cockades, the
"favours" of the candidate, whose cause he so indiscreetly supported.

[2] A good specimen was demolished at Tottenham not long ago.

The punishment of the barrel we should think to have been adapted for
drunkards who could preserve a perpendicular position.

In the histories of London, it is mentioned that bakers and other
dealers caught giving false weight, or in any other ways cheating the
poor, were exhibited occasionally in this manner; but more frequently
they were placed in the parish dung-cart, and slowly drawn through the
streets of the district.

The Whirligig, a circular cage which could be moved swiftly round on
a pivot, was, in bygone days, in use for offenders in the English
army. There was another instrument used for the same purpose called
the Horse, which was made in rude resemblance of the animal whose
name it bore. The body was composed of planks of wood, which formed a
sharp angle along the back. On this the soldier was seated, and his
legs fastened below to several heavy muskets. This is said to have
been a very severe and dangerous punishment. In addition to the above,
and flogging, imprisonment, &c., there were three ancient methods of
punishment in the English army--viz., beheading, hanging, and drowning.
The latter of these, according to Grose, was in use only in the reign
of Richard I. This author observes that, some centuries ago, capital
punishment was rare in our army, the men having generally property,
which was confiscated in case of ill conduct. He, however, refers
to some terrible means which were resorted to for the purpose of
preserving discipline. Hanging was chiefly confined to spies; who were
taken to a tree in sight of the camp, and yet sufficiently distant, and
there hung up. In many instances, when a corps or a considerable body
of men were guilty of crime, for which the established punishment was
death, to prevent too great a weakening of the army, the delinquents,
Grose says, "were decimated, that is, only every tenth man was taken. A
number of billets, equal to that of the body to be decimated, were put
into a helmet, every tenth billet being marked with the letter D, or
some other character signifying death; the helmet was then shaken, in
order to mix them, and the soldiers, filing off singly from the right,
passed by the commanding officers, before whom, on a table, stood the
helmet; as they passed, each drew a billet and presented it to an
officer placed to receive them. If the billet had the fatal mark; the
soldier was seized and marched into the rear."

This wholesale method of capital punishment must have been a solemn
affair. At times, it was customary to punish the man at the right hand
of companies; without giving them the chance of the billet--on the
principal that these were the most influential persons, and must, from
their companionship with the others, have been acquainted with and have
possessed the means of checking or giving information, which would
prevent dangerous offences.

[Illustration: 1. Brand for Marking Felons. 2. Impression of Brand. 3.
Punishment for Drunkards, formerly in use at Newcastle-on-Tyne. 4. The
Whirligig, a military method of punishment. 5. Pillory, Stocks, and
Whipping Post, formerly on London Bridge.]

The regulations of the English army during the time of Henry VIII., and
previous reigns, may be met with in "Grose's Military Antiquities."


ORIGIN OF THE TERM "HUMBUG."

This, now, common expression, is a corruption of the word Hamburgh, and
originated in the following manner:--During a period when war prevailed
on the Continent, so many false reports and lying bulletins were
fabricated at Hamburgh, that at length, when any one would signify his
disbelief of a statement, he would say, "You had that from Hamburgh;"
and thus, "That is Hamburgh," or Humbug, became a common expression of
incredulity.


MARRIAGE LOTTERY.

It has often been said figuratively that marriage is a lottery; but we
do not recollect to have met with a practical illustration of the truth
of the simile, before the following, which is a free translation of an
advertisement in the Louisiana Gazette:--"A young man of good figure
and disposition, unable, though desirous to procure a wife, without
the preliminary trouble of amassing a fortune, proposes the following
expedient to attain the object of his wishes. He offers himself as
the prize of a lottery to all widows and virgins under 32. The number
of tickets to be 600, at 50 dollars each. But one number to be drawn
from the wheel, the fortunate proprietor of which is to be entitled to
himself and the 30,000 dollars."


CHINESE DAINTIES.

The common people of the country seem to fare hardly and sparingly
enough, but one of our envoys praises much of the good cheer he found
at the tables of the great men. They had pork, fish, and poultry,
prepared in a great variety of ways, and very nice confectionery in
abundance. The feasts, moreover, were served up in a very neat and
cleanly manner. But there was one dainty which much offended their
nostrils, and nearly turned their stomachs when it was named to them.
It was not stewed dog or fricaséed pup. No; it consisted of three
bowls of _hatched eggs_! When the Englishmen expressed some surprise
at the appearance of this portion of the repast, one of the native
attendants observed that hatched eggs formed a delicacy beyond the
reach of the poor--a delicacy adapted only for persons of distinction!
On inquiry, it was found that they cost in the market some thirty
per cent. more than fresh eggs. It seems that they always form a
distinguished part of every great entertainment, and that it is the
practice, when invitations are sent out, to set the hens to hatch.
The feast takes place about the tenth or twelfth day from the issuing
the invitations,--the eggs being then considered as ripe, and exactly
in the state most agreeable and pleasant to the palate of a Chinese
epicure.


RECEIPTS FROM ALBERTUS MAGNUS.

"Bubo a shrick owle, is a byrd wel inough knowen, which is called
Magis of the Chaldes, and Hysopus of the Greekes. There bee maruaylous
vertues of this Fowle, for if the hart and ryght foote of it be put
upon a man sleeping, hee shall saye anone to thee whatsoever thou shalt
aske of him. And thys hath beene prooued of late tyme of our brethren.
And if any man put thys onder his arme hole, no Dog wyll barke at hym,
but keepe silence. And yf these thynges aforesayde ioyned together with
a wyng of it be hanged up to a tree, byrdes wyl gather together to that
tree."

"When thou wylt that thy wyfe or wenche shewe to thee all that shee
hath done, take the hart of a Doove, and the heade of a Frog, and drye
them both, and braie them vnto poulder, and lay them vpon the brest of
her sleeping, and shee shall shew to thee all that shee hath done, but
when shee shall wake, wipe it awaye from her brest, that it bee not
lifted vp."

"Take an Adders skyn, and Auri pigmentum, and greeke pitch of
Reuponticum, and the waxe of newe Bees, and the fat or greace of an
Asse, and breake them all, and put them all in a dull seething pot full
of water, and make it to seeth at a slowe fire, and after let it waxe
cold, and make a taper, and euery man that shall see light of it shall
seeme headlesse."--_The Secreetes of Nature, set foorth by Albertus
Magnus in Latine, newlye translated into English._ Imprinted at London
by me Wyllyam Copland. No date. _Black letter_, very old.


THE MAGPIE STONING A TOAD.

There is a story told of a tame magpie, which was seen busily employed
in a garden, gathering pebbles, and with much solemnity, and a
studied air, dropping them in a hole, about eighteen inches deep,
made to receive a post. After dropping each stone, it cried, Currack!
triumphantly, and set off for another. On examining the spot a poor
toad was found in the hole, which the magpie was stoning for his
amusement.


ADAPTATION OF BONES TO AGE IN THE HUMAN FRAME.

Growth produces in the species a somewhat remarkable change in the
mechanical qualities of the bones. This important part of our organism
consists of three constituents--fibre, cartilage, and the earthy matter
already mentioned called _phosphate of lime_. From the fibre they
derive their toughness; from the cartilage their elasticity; and from
the lime their hardness and firmness. Nothing can be more admirable
in the economy of our body than the manner in which the proportion of
these constituents adapts itself to the habitudes of age. The helpless
infant, exposed by a thousand incidents to external shocks, has bones,
the chief constituents of which being gristly and cartilaginous, are
yielding and elastic, and incur little danger of fracture. Those of the
youth, whose augmented weight and increased activity demand greater
strength, have a larger proportion of the calcareous and fibrous
elements, but still enough of the cartilaginous to confer upon the
solid framework of his body the greatest firmness, toughness, and
elasticity. As age advances, prudence and tranquil habits increasing,
as well as the weight which the bones have to sustain, the proportion
of the calcareous constituent increases, giving the requisite hardness
and strength, but diminishing the toughness and elasticity.

While the bones thus change their mechanical qualities as age advances,
they diminish in number, the frame consequently having fewer joints
and less flexibility. The bones of a child, whose habits require
greater bodily pliability, are more numerous than those of an adult,
several of the articulations becoming ossified between infancy and
maturity. In like manner, the bones at maturity are more numerous than
in advanced age, the same progressive ossification of the joints being
continued.

It has been ascertained by anatomists that, on attaining the adult
state, the number of bones constituting the framework of the human body
is 198; of which 52 belong to the trunk, 22 to the head, 64 to the
arms, and 60 to the legs.


TOWER OF THE THUNDERING WINDS.

[Illustration: [++] Tower of the Thundering Winds.]

The Great Wall is certainly a wonderful monument of ancient times; but
it is almost the only one that we read of in China, except a famous
Temple, or Tower, partly in ruins, which stands on an eminence in
the neighbourhood of Hang-chow-foo. It is called the "Tower of the
Thundering Winds," and is supposed to have been built about 2,500 years
ago.


DR. MONSEY BEQUEATHS HIS OWN BODY.

This eccentric person died at the great age of 96, and was for half
a century, physician to Chelsea Hospital. He left his body for
dissection, and a few days before he died, wrote to Mr. Cruikshanks,
the Anatomist, begging him to know, whether it would suit his
convenience to do it, as he felt he could not live many hours, and Mr.
Forster, his surgeon, was then out of town. He died as he predicted,
and his wishes with respect to his body, were strictly attended to.


TEA.

A folio sheet of the time of Charles II. entitled "An Exact Description
of the Growth, Quality, and Virtues of the Leaf Tea, by Thomas Garway,
in Exchange Alley, near the Royal Exchange, in London, Tobacconist, and
Seller and Retailer of Tea and Coffee," informs us that "in England
it hath been sold in the leaf for six pounds, and sometimes for ten
pounds the pound weight; and in respect of its former scarceness and
dearness, it hath been only used as a regalia in high treatments, and
entertainments, and presents made thereof to princes and grandees till
the year 1657. The said Thomas Garway did purchase a quantity thereof,
and first publikely sold the said Tea in leaf and drink, made according
to the direction of the most knowing merchants and travellers in those
eastern countries: and upon knowledge and experience of the said
Garway's continued care and industry, in obtaining the best Tea, and
making drink thereof, very many noblemen, physicians, merchants, and
gentlemen of quality, have ever since sent to him for the said leaf,
and daily resort to his house, in Exchange Alley, to drink the drink
thereof."


IT'S MUCH THE SAME NOW.

The following lines, from the _Gentleman's Magazine_ of 1733, will give
us some idea of what fashionable life was at that period:--

_The Town Lady's Answer to_,--"_What tho' I am a Country Lass_."

    What tho' I am a London dame,
      And lofty looks I bear, a?
    I carry, sure, as good a name,
      As those who russet wear, a.

    What tho' my cloaths are rich brocades?
      My skin it is more white, a
    Than any of the country maids
      That in the fields delight, a.

    What tho' I to assemblies go,
      And at the Opera's shine, a?
    It is a thing all girls must do,
      That will be ladies fine, a:

    And while I hear Faustina sing,
      Before the king and queen, a
    By Eyes they are upon the wing,
      To see, if I am seen, a.

    My Peko and Imperial Tea
      Are brought me in the Morn, a.
    At Noon Champaign and rich Tokay
      My table do adorn, a.

    The Evening then does me invite
      To play at dear Quadrille, a:
    And sure in this there's more delight,
      Than in a purling rill, a.

    Then since my Fortune does allow
      Me to live as I please, a;
    I'll never milk my father's cow
      Nor press his coming cheese, a.

    But take my swing both night and day,
      I'm sure it is no sin, a:
    And as for what the grave ones say,
      I value not a pin, a.


BARBERS.

The barber's pole, one of the popular relics of Merrie England, is
still to be seen in some of the old streets of London and in country
towns, painted with its red, blue, and yellow stripes, and surmounted
with a gilt acorn. The lute and violin were formerly among the
furniture of a barber's shop. He who waited to be trimmed, if of
a musical turn, played to the company. The barber himself was a
nimble-tongued, pleasant-witted fellow. William Rowley, the dramatist,
in "A Search for Money, 1609," thus describes him:--"As wee were but
asking the question, steps me from over the way (over-listning us) a
news-searcher, viz. a _barber_: hee, hoping to attaine some discourse
for his next patient, left his baner of basons swinging in the ayre,
and closely eave-drops our conference. The saucie treble-tongu'd knave
would insert somewhat of his knowledge (treble-tongu'd I call him, and
thus I prove't: hee has a reasonable mother-tonger, his barber-surgions
tongue; and a tongue betweene two of his fingers, and from thence
proceeds his wit, and 'tis a snapping wit too). Well, sir, hee (before
hee was askt the question,) told us that the wandring knight (Monsier
L'Argent) sure was not farre off; for on Saterday-night hee was faine
to watch till morning to trim some of his followers, and its morning
they went away from him betimes. Hee swore hee never clos'd his eyes
till hee came to church, and then hee slept all sermon-time; (but
certainly hee is not farre afore, and at yonder taverne showing us
the bush) I doe imagine hee has tane a chamber." In ancient times the
_barber_ and the _tailor_, as news-mongers, divided the crown. The
barber not only erected his _pole_ as a sign, but hung his _basins_
upon it by way of ornament.


BEES OBEDIENT TO TRAINING.

Though it is customary in many rural districts of England, when bees
are swarming, to make a clanging noise with metal implements, under the
impression--an erroneous one we believe--that it will induce the swarm
to settle, it is not generally supposed that bees are susceptible of
being trained to obey in many respects the orders of their teacher.
Such, however, is the fact, and an instance of it occurs in the
following advertisement, which we have copied from an old newspaper. We
give it as we find it, but it is not very clear what locality is meant
by "their _proper_ places":--

"At the Jubilee Gardens, Dobney's, 1772. Daniel Wildman rides, standing
upright, one foot on the saddle, and the other on the horse's neck,
with a curious mask of bees on his face. He also rides, standing
upright on the saddle, with the bridle in his mouth, and, by firing a
pistol, makes one part of the bees march over a table, and the other
part swarm in the air, and return to their proper places again."


A MAN SELLING HIS OWN BODY.

Anatomists and surgeons have frequently incurred the odium of being
precipitate in their post mortem examinations. It has been charged
upon the illustrious Vessalius, and, in more modern times, on Mons. de
Lassone, and others; nay, credulity has gone so far, as to suppose,
that subjects have occasionally been kept till wanted; nor is such
a notion altogether extravant, when we find an article of this kind
offered to Joshua Brookes, the anatomical lecturer, in the following
terms:--

"Mr. Brooke, i have taken it into consideration to send this poor man
to you, being greatly in distress, hopeing you will find sum employment
for him in silling the dead carcases; and if you can find him no
employment, the berer of this wishes to sill himself to you, as he is
weary of this life. And I remain your humble servant,

  "JOHN DAVIS."


THE FIRST LOCOMOTIVES.

[Illustration: The First Locomotive.]

It is little more than thirty years ago, when, on the river Tyne, a
large fleet of peculiarly-formed vessels was to be seen daily employed
in the carriage of coals to the ships from the "staiths," which
projected into the river from the various colliery tramways. At that
period, there was only one very small and ill-constructed steam-packet
for the conveyance of passengers between Newcastle and Shields, and
against which so much prejudice existed, that the majority of persons
preferred the covered wherries, which, for some centuries before,
had been in use; yet so slow and uncertain was this means of transit
between the two towns, that persons in a hurry often found it advisable
to walk the intervening distance, which is about eight miles.

[Illustration: The Present Locomotive and Train.]

The collieries situated away from the river had tramways of wood let
into the ordinary roads, in such a manner as to form wheel-tracks for
carriages. These, drawn by horses, were the only means thought of for
bringing the coals to the river bank. Some of these tramways were
nearly as old as the times of Queen Elizabeth or James I., when the
increase of London and other causes began to overcome the prejudice
against the use of "sea-coal." Many of the tramways passed amid green
and shadowy woods and other pleasant places, and we have often thought
when wandering through them, of the difficulties that beset travellers
at that time. Even at a more recent date, in 1673, day coaches were
considered dangerous, and it was suggested that the multitude of them
in London should be limited, and not more than one be allowed to
each shire, to go once a week backwards and forwards, and to perform
the whole journey with the same horses they set out with, and not to
travel more than thirty miles a day in summer, and twenty-five in
winter. The arguments advanced in favour of these proposals were, that
coaches and caravans were mischievous to the public, destructive to
trade, and prejudicial to the land--because, firstly, they destroyed
the breed of good horses, and made men careless of horsemanship;
secondly, they hindered the breed of watermen, who were the nursery of
seamen; thirdly, they lessened the revenue.

In 1703, the road from Petworth to London (less than 50 miles) was so
bad that the Duke of Somerset was obliged to rest a night on the road.

In March, 1739 or 1740, Mr. Pennant, the historian, travelled by the
_stage_, then no despicable vehicle for country gentlemen, and in the
first day, with "much labour," got from Chester to Whitechurch--twenty
miles; and, after a "wondrous effort," reached London before the
commencement of the sixth night.

Without entering into an account of the rapid improvement of the
English roads soon after the time of Pennant, we may mention that,
at about the date 1765, the colliery tramways underwent considerable
improvement, by plating the wooden rails in many parts with iron:
stone-ways were tried in some instances, but were not found successful;
and in course of time the old tramways were covered with cast-iron
rails laid on the old foundations. Inclined planes, with fixed
steam-engines, also came into use; and at the same time the idea of
a locomotive engine was attracting attention in various directions.
In 1805 a machine was used on a tramway near Merthyr Tydvil, and soon
after this the "Iron Horse," shown in the engraving, was placed upon
the wagon way of the Wylam Colliery, from Wylam to Newburn, on the
Tyne, near Newcastle, and greatly astonished all who saw it drawing
along, at the rate of three miles and a half per hour, from fifteen to
twenty wagons of coals, making all the while a horrible and snorting
noise, difficult to describe, and sending forth at the same time fire
and dense clouds of black smoke. George Stephenson was then beginning
to make way, and had provided several improved locomotives for Heaton
Colliery. In 1816-1817, patents for improvements in locomotives were
taken out by George Stephenson, in connexion with Messrs. Dodd and
Losh; and in 1825 the projection of the Liverpool and Manchester
Railway afforded a further opportunity for their development. The
opposition to the use of steam-engines on this line of railway seems
singular enough at the present day; still it was very great. The use of
horses was, however, found to be too expensive, and George Stephenson
having stated that he could work a locomotive with safety at a rate
of from six to eight miles an hour ("I knew," said he, "that if I
told them more than that, they would look upon me as more fit for a
lunatic house than to give evidence in the House of Commons"), a reward
of 500_l._ was offered for the best locomotive engine. A trial took
place in October, 1829--_only twenty-seven years ago!_--of the steam
locomotive engines which were offered in competition. Of these, one
was withdrawn at the commencement of the experiment. The "Novelty," by
Braithwait and Ericsson, met with an accident; and the "Sanspareil," by
Hackworth, attained a velocity of fifteen miles an hour, with a gross
load of nineteen tons, but at length gave way, owing to an accident;
the remaining engine, constructed by Robert Stephenson and Mr. Booth,
succeeded in performing more than was stipulated.

The contrast between the date mentioned at the commencement of our
article and the present time is remarkable: the old and clumsy fleet
has vanished from the Tyne; a railway carries passengers from Newcastle
to Shields in a few minutes; numerous steam vessels sail upon the
river, some of large size; which travel to various and distant ports.
On the colliery railway hundreds of locomotives are at work, and
hundreds of thousands of miles of iron rails spread over a wide extent
of the civilized world; and, in addition to other wonders, the electric
telegraph will, ere long, outrival the power of Puck, the fairy, and
"put a girdle round the world in (less than) forty minutes."


SIR WILLIAM WALLACE THE HERO OF SCOTLAND.

1305.--This year was marked by the capture of Sir William Wallace.
It appears that the King of England had anxiously sought to discover
his retreat, and that, tempted by the prospects of the rewards his
baseness might earn for him, Ralph de Haliburton, one of the prisoners
taken a short time previously at Sterling, had proffered his services
for that purpose. Upon being seized, he was conveyed to the castle
of Dumbarton, and thence to England. He was brought to London, "with
great numbers of men and women," says Stow, "wondering upon him. He
was lodged in the house of William Delect, a citizen of London, in
Fenchurch-street. On the morrow, being the eve of St. Bartholomew, he
was brought on horseback to Westminster, John Segrave and Geoffrey,
knights, the mayor, sheriffs, and aldermen of London, and many others,
both on horseback and on foot, accompanying him; and in the great
hall at Westminster, he being placed on the south bench, crowned with
laurel--for that he had said in times past that he ought to bear a
crown in that hall, as it was commonly reported--and being appeached
for a traitor by Sir Peter Malorie, the king's justice, he answered,
that he was never traitor to the king of England, but for other things
whereof he was accused, he confessed them." These circumstantial and
minute details, inartificially as they are put together, and homely or
trivial as some of them may be thought, are yet full of interest for
all who would call up a living picture of the scene. Wallace was put to
death as a traitor, on the 23rd of August, 1305, at the usual place of
execution--the Elms in West Smithfield. He was dragged thither at the
tails of horses, and there hanged on a high gallows, after which, while
he yet breathed, his bowels were taken out and burnt before his face.
The barbarous butchery was then completed by the head being struck
off, and the body being divided into quarters. The head was afterwards
placed on a pole on London-bridge; the right arm was sent to be set
up at Newcastle, the left arm to Berwick, the right foot and limb to
Perth, and the left to Aberdeen.


AN ELEPHANT DETECTS A ROBBER.

An officer in the Bengal army had a very fine and favourite elephant,
which was supplied daily in his presence with a certain allowance of
food, but being compelled to absent himself on a journey, the keeper of
the beast diminished the ration of food, and the animal became daily
thinner and weaker. When its master returned, the elephant exhibited
the greatest signs of pleasure; the feeding time came, and the keeper
laid before it the former full allowance of food, which it divided into
two parts, consuming one immediately, and leaving the other untouched.
The officer, knowing the sagacity of his favourite, saw immediately the
fraud that had been practiced, and made the man confess his crime.


MAY-POLES.

[Illustration: [++] Village May-pole.]

The May-pole, decked with garlands, round which the rustics used to
dance in this month, yet stands in a few of our villages through the
whole circle of the year. A May-pole formerly stood in the Strand,
upon the site of the church by Somerset House, but was taken down in
1717. The village May-pole we engrave still remains by the ruins of St.
Briavel Castle, Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, and forms an object
of considerable interest to the visitor. Several in the village could
remember the May-day dancers, and the removal and setting up of the
May-pole. No notice whatever of this old English festival has, however,
been taken for some years. The May-pole is about sixty feet high; about
half-way up is the rod to which it was usual to fasten the garlands
and ribbons. Let us observe, that in many parts of Dean Forest, those
who love to trace the remains of old manners and customs will find
ample employment. The people are civil and hospitable; their manner of
address reminds us of the wording of the plays of Shakspere's times;
and in most houses, if a stranger calls, cider and bread are offered,
as in the olden time.


THE OLD DOG WHEEL.

[Illustration: [++] Old Dog Wheel.]

About a century and a half ago, the long-backed "turnspit" dog, and
the curious apparatus here shown, yclept the "Old Dog Wheel," were
to be found in most farm houses; simple machinery has, however, now
been substituted for the wheel which the dog was made to turn round,
like the imprisoned squirrels and white mice of the present day; and
not only the dog wheels, but also the long-backed "turnspit" dog have
almost disappeared. That which we engrave, however, still exists, and
may be seen by the curious, at the Castle of St. Briavel, which stands
on the borders of the Forest of Dean, in Gloucestershire.


ABRAHAM AND SARAH.

The Talmudists relate that Abraham, in travelling to Egypt, brought
with him a chest. At the custom-house the officers exacted the duties.
Abraham would have readily paid them, but desired they would not open
the chest. They first insisted on the duties for clothes, which Abraham
consented to pay; but then they thought by his ready acquiescence that
it might be gold. Abraham consents to pay for gold. They now suspect
it might be silk. Abraham was willing to pay for silk, or more costly
pearls--in short, he consented to pay as if the chest contained the
most valuable of things. It was then they resolved to open and examine
the chest; and, behold, as soon as the chest was opened, that great
lustre of human beauty broke out which made such a noise in the land
of Egypt--it was Sarah herself! The jealous Abraham, to conceal her
beauty, had locked her up in this chest.


AGES OF CELEBRATED MEN.

Hippocrates, the greatest physician the world has ever seen, died at
the age of one hundred and nine, in the island of Cos, his native
country. Galen, the most illustrious of his successors, reached the
age of one hundred and four. The three sages of Greece, Solon, Thales,
and Pittacus, lived for a century. The gay Democritus outlived them
by two years. Zeno wanted only two years of a century when he died.
Diogenes ten years more; and Plato died at the age of ninety-four,
when the eagle of Jupiter is said to have borne his soul to heaven.
Xenophon, the illustrious warrior and historian, lived ninety years.
Polemon and Epicharmus ninety-seven; Lycurgus eighty-five; Sophocles
more than a hundred. Gorgias entered his hundred and eighth year;
and Asclepiades, the physician, lived a century and a half. Juvenal
lived a hundred years; Pacuvius and Varro but one year less. Carneades
died at ninety; Galileo at sixty-eight; Cassini at ninety-eight; and
Newton at eighty-five. In the last century, Fontenelle expired in
his ninety-ninth year; Buffon in his eighty-first; Voltaire in his
eighty-fourth. In the present century, Prince Talleyrand, Goethe,
Rogers, and Niemcewicz are remarkable instances. The Cardinal du Belloy
lived nearly a century; and Marshal Moncey lately terminated a glorious
career at eighty-five.


EFFECT OF A NEW NOSE.

Van Helmont tells a story, of a person who applied to Taliacotius to
have his nose restored. This person, having a dread of an incision
being made in his own arm, for the purpose of removing enough skin
therefrom for a nose, got a labourer, who, for a remuneration, suffered
the skin for the nose to be taken from his arm. About thirteen months
after, the adscitious nose suddenly became cold, and, after a few days,
dropped off, in a state of putrefaction. The cause of this unexpected
occurrence having been investigated, it was discovered that, at the
same moment in which the nose grew cold, the labourer at Bologna
expired.


FRENCH DRESS.

Sigebert was buried in St. Medrad's church, at Soissons, where his
statue is still seen in long clothes, with the mantle, which the Romans
called _chlamys_. This was the dress of Colvil's children, whether as
more noble and majestic, or that they looked on the title of Augustus
as hereditary in their family. However it be, long clothes were, for
several ages, the dress of persons of distinction, with a border of
sable, ermine, or miniver. Under Charles V. it was emblazoned with all
the pieces of the coat of arms. At that time, neither ruffs, collars,
nor bands were known, being introduced by Henry II. 'Till this time
the neck of the French king was always quite bare, except Charles
the _Wise_, who is everywhere represented with an ermin collar. The
short dress anciently worn in the country and the camp, came to be the
general fashion under Louis XI. but was laid aside under Louis XII.
Francis I. revived it, with the improvement of flashes. The favourite
dress of Henry II. and his children was a tight, close doublet, with
trunk hose, and a cloak scarce reaching the waist. The dress of French
ladies, it may be supposed, had likewise its revolutions. They seem
for nine hundred years, not to have been much taken up with ornament.
Nothing could require less time or nicety than their head-dress, and
the disposition of their hair. Every part of their linen was quite
plain, but at the same time extremely fine. Laces were long unknown.
Their gowns, on the right side of which was embroidered their husband's
coat of arms, and on the left that of their own family, were so close
as to shew all the delicacy of their shape, and came up so high as to
cover their whole breast, up to their neck. The habit of widows was
very much like that of the nuns. It was not until Charles VI. that they
began to expose their shoulders. The gallantry of Charles the VII.'s
Court brought in the use of bracelets, necklaces, and ear-rings. Queen
Anne de Bretagne despised those trinkets; and Catherine de Medicis made
it her whole business to invent new.


A LAST CHANCE.

John Jones and Jn. Davis, condemn'd for robberries on the highway,
were executed at Tyburn. Davis feign'd himself sick, and desir'd he
might not be ty'd in the cart: But when he came to the tree, while the
hangman was fastening the other's halter, he jumpt out of the cart,
and ran over two fields; but being knock'd down by a countryman, was
convey'd back and hang'd without any more ceremony. Jones confessed
he had been confederate in several robberies with Gordon, lately
executed.--_Gentleman's Magazine 1733._

A convict running away over two fields at Tyburn, and then being caught
by a countryman! How strange this seems, when we look at the streets
and squares which now cover the locality, and when the only countrymen
now seen there are those who come up from the rural districts!


YELLOW HAIR IN THE TIME OF THE PLANTAGENETS.

Yellow hair was at this time esteemed a beauty, and saffron was used by
the ladies to dye it of a colour esteemed "odious" by modern ladies.
Elizabeth also made yellow hair fashionable, as hers was of the same
tint. In the romance of _King Alisaunder_, we are told of Queen
Olympias:--

    "Hire yellow hair was fair atyred
     With riche strings of gold wyred,
     And wryen hire abouten all
     To hire gentil myddel small."


THE CITY OF THE SULTAN.

[Illustration: The Mosque of St. Sophia.]

The Mosques of Constantinople are the most wonderful objects of
that renowned city. More than 300 are picturesquely distributed in
conspicuous parts, and form a most attractive feature to the eye of
the traveller. The city itself is built upon seven gentle hills,
which is the main cause not only of its grandeur of appearance, but
also of its salubrity and comparative cleanliness. There are fourteen
chief or imperial mosques, all lofty, and magnificent in their general
dimensions, and built from base to dome, of enduring materials, chiefly
of white marble, slightly tinged with grey. Some of these have two,
some four, and one (that of Sultan Achmet) has even six of those light,
thin, lofty, arrowy, and most graceful towers called minarets. The
mosque of Santa Sophia was once a Christian cathedral, and is rich in
historical recollections. This mosque ranks as one of the grandest
edifices. The ridge of the first hill on which the city stands, setting
out from the north eastern part, is covered by the Serai or palace of
the Sultan, behind which, a little on the reverse of the hill, the dome
of Santa Sophia shows itself. The colleges and hospitals, which are
generally attached to or near the great mosques, offer no striking
architectural features; but some of the detached chapels or sepulchres
(_turbés_), where sultans, viziers, and other great personages repose,
are handsome.


GOLD MASK FROM THE BANKS OF THE EUPHRATES.

[Illustration: Mask of Nebuchadnezzar.]

This interesting relic of remote antiquity is at present preserved in
the Museum of the East India Company. It was found by Colonel Rawlinson
while engaged in prosecuting the discoveries commenced by Layard and
Botta, at Nineveh and Babylon; and is supposed to have belonged to
King Nebuchadnezzar. In exhuming from the mounds of these long-lost
rival cities, the instructive remains of this once gigantic Power, the
Colonel discovered, in a perfect state of preservation, what is well
believed to be the mummy of Nebuchadnezzar. The face of the rebellious
monarch of Babylon, covered by one of those gold masks usually found in
Assyrian tombs, is described as very handsome--the forehead high and
commanding, the features marked and regular. The mask is of thin gold,
and independent of its having once belonged to the great monarch, has
immense value as a relic of an ancient and celebrated people.

The Arab tribes encamping about Wurka and other great mounds search
in the loose gravel with their spears for coffins. Gold and silver
ornaments, which have been buried in these graves for centuries, are
worn by the Arab women of the present day; and many a rare object
recovered from them is sold and melted by the goldsmiths of the East.
The Arabs mention the discovery, by some fortunate shepherd, of Royal
tombs, in which were crowns and sceptres of solid gold.


FROST FAIR ON THE THAMES.

"I went crosse the Thames," says Evelyn, January 9, 1683-4, "on the
ice, which now became so thick as to bear not only streetes of boothes,
in which they roasted meate, and had divers shops of wares, quite
acrosse as in a towne, but coaches, carts, and horses passed over.
So I went from Westminster Stayres to Lambeth, and din'd with the
Archbishop. I walked over the ice (after dinner) from Lambeth Stayres
to the Horseferry.

"The Thames (Jan{y} 16) was filled with people and tents, selling all
sorts of wares as in a citty. The frost (Jan{y} 24) continuing more and
more severe, the Thames before London was still planned with boothes
in formal streetes, all sorts of trades and shops furnished and full
of commodities, even to a printing-presse, where the people and ladyes
took a fancy to have their names printed on the Thames. This humour
took so universally, that 'twas estimated the printer gained £5 a-day,
for printing a line only, at sixpence a day, besides what he got by
ballads, &c. Coaches plied from Westminster to the Temple, and from
several other staires to and fro, as in the streetes, sleds, sliding
with skeates, a bull-baiting, horse and coach races, puppet playes and
interludes, cookes, tipling, and other lewd places, so that it seem'd
to be a bacchanalian triumph, or carnival on the water."

"It began to thaw (Feb. 5), but froze againe. My coach crossed from
Lambeth to the Horseferry at Millbank, Westminster. The booths were
almost all taken down; but there was first a map, or landskip, cut
in copper, representing all the manner of the camp, and the several
actions, sports, and pastimes thereon, in memory of so signal a frost."


THE CHARACTER OF THE MOUTH.

We give the following extract from a very old work; not only because
it contains several shrewd observations, but also because it is a good
specimen of the spelling and diction which prevailed in the sixteenth
century, at which period there is internal evidence that the book was
written, though it bears no date on the title page:--

"The mouth greate and wyde betokeneth wrath, boldnes and warre.
And such men are commonly glottons. A wyde mouth withoute meesure,
as thought it were cutte and stretched out, sygnifieth ravening
inhumanitie, wickednes, a warlyke hart and cruell, like unto beastes
of the sea. Such men are greate talkers, boasters, babblers, enuious,
lyars, and full of follye. The mouthe that hathe but a lyttle closynge
and a lyttle openynge, sygnyfyeth a fearful man, quyet, and yet
unfaithfull. The mouthe that is verye apparent and rounde with thycknes
of lyppes, sygnyfyeth vnclenlynes, follye, and cruelltye. The mouth
whyche hath a quantitie in his sytuation with a lyttle shutting, and
smylynge eyes wyth the reste of the face, sygnyfyeth a carnall man,
a lover of daunces, and a greate lyar. When the mouthe turneth in
speakinge it is a sygne that it is infected with some catarre or murre
as is manyfest ynough. The long chynne declareth the man to be very
lyttle subiecte to anger, and of a good complexion: and yet he is
somewhat a babbler and a boaster of hymselfe. They that have a lyttle
chinne, are much to be avoyded and taken heede of, for besydes all
vices with the whyche they are fylled they are full of impietye and
wyckednes and are spyes, lyke unto serpents. If the ende of the chynne
be round it is a sygne of feminine maners and also it is a sygne of a
woman. But the chynne of a man muste be almoste square."--"_The most
excellent, profitable, and pleasant booke of the famous doctour and
expert Astrologien Arcandam or Aleandrin._" * * *. _Now ready turned out
of French into our vulgare tonge, by Will. Warde. Black letter. No
date._ Printed by J. Rowbothum.


EXECUTION OF EARL FERRERS FOR MURDER, 1760.

Lord Ferrers was hung for the deliberate and cruel murder of his
steward, Mr. Johnson, and his execution at Tyburn furnishes a curious
instance of the exhibition of egregious vanity in a man who was just
about to meet an ignominious death, and of misplaced pride in his
family who could actually decorate the scaffold with the emblems of
respectful mourning.

His lordship was dressed in his wedding-clothes, which were of light
colour, and embroidered in silver. He set out from the Tower at nine
o'clock, amidst crowds of spectators. First went a large body of
constables, preceded by one of the high constables; next came a party
of grenadiers and a party of foot; then the sheriff, in a chariot
and six, the horses dressed with ribbons; and next, Lord Ferrers, in
a landau and six, escorted by parties of horse and foot. The other
sheriff's carriage followed, succeeded by a mourning-coach and six,
conveying some of the malefactor's friends; and lastly, a hearse and
six, provided for the purpose of taking the corpse from the place of
execution to Surgeons' Hall.

The procession was two hours and three-quarters on its way. Lord
Ferrers conversed very freely during the passage. He said, "the
apparatus of death, and the passing through such crowds of people,
are ten times worse than death itself; but I suppose they never saw a
lord hanged, and perhaps they will never see another." He said to the
sheriff. "I have written to the king, begging that I might suffer where
my ancestor, the Earl of Essex, the favourite of Elizabeth, suffered,
and was in great hopes of obtaining that favour, as I have the honour
of being allied to his Majesty, and of quartering part of the royal
arms. I think it hard that I must die at the place appointed for the
execution of common felons."

The scaffold was hung with black by the undertaker, at the expense of
Lord Ferrers' family. His lordship was pinioned with a black sash,
and was unwilling to have his hands tied, or his face covered, but
was persuaded to both. On the silken rope being put round his neck,
he turned pale, but recovered instantly. Within seven minutes after
leaving the landau, the signal was given for striking the stage, and in
four minutes he was quite dead. The corpse was subjected to dissection.


STRANGE FUNERAL OBSEQUIES.

The following, taken from an old magazine, is a singular manifestation
of eccentricity in a person who, from the books he selected to be
buried with him, was evidently a man of an educated and refined mind:--

Died, May 4, 1733, Mr. John Underwood, of Whittlesea, in
Cambridgeshire. At his burial, when the service was over, an arch was
turn'd over the coffin, in which was placed a small piece of white
marble, with this inscription, "_Non omnis moriar_, 1733." Then the six
gentlemen who follow'd him to the grave sung the last stanza of the
20th Ode of the 2d book of Horace. No bell was toll'd, no one invited
but the six gentlemen, and no relation follow'd his corpse; the coffin
was painted green, and he laid in it with all his cloaths on; under his
head was placed Sanadon's "Horace," at his feet Bentley's "Milton;"
in his right hand a small Greek Testament, with this inscription in
gold letters, "eimientôbaus [Greek: ei mi en tô bausa], J. U," in his
left hand a little edition of "Horace" with this inscription, "_Musis
Amicus_, J. U.;" and Bentley's "Horace" under his back. After the
ceremony was over they went back to his house, where his sister had
provided a cold supper; the cloth being taken away the gentlemen sung
the 31st Ode of the 1st Book of "Horace," drank a chearful glass,
and went home about eight. He left about 6,000_l._ to his sister, on
condition of her observing this his will, order'd her to give each of
the gentlemen ten guineas, and desir'd they would not come in black
cloaths. The will ends thus, "Which done I would have them take a
chearful glass, and think no more of John Underwood."


QUICK TRAVELLING IN OLD TIMES.

Saturday, the seventeenth day of July, 1619, Bernard Calvert, of
Andover, about three o'clock in the morning, tooke horse at St.
George's Church in Southwarke, and came to Dover about seaven of the
clocke the same morning, where a barge, with eight oares, formerly sent
from London thither, attended his suddaine coming: he instantly tooke
barge, and went to Callice, and in the same barge returned to Dover,
about three of the clocke the same day, where, as well there as in
diverse other places, he had layed sundry swift horses, besides guides:
he rode back from thence to St. George's Church in Southwarke the
same evening, a little after eight o'clock, fresh and lusty.--_Stow's
Annals._


EDDYSTONE LIGHTHOUSE.

[Illustration: The Eddystone Lighthouse.]

As the arts and sciences improved, so did the construction of
Lighthouses, until one of the greatest accomplishments of engineering
skill, ever attempted upon such works, was exhibited in the
construction of the Eddystone Lighthouse, which is, indeed, much
more entitled than the Pharos of Alexandria to be considered one of
the wonders of the world. The rock on which this tower is built is
placed about twelve miles south-west of Plymouth, and consists of a
series of submarine cliffs, stretching from the west side (which is so
precipitous that the largest ship can ride close beside them) in an
easterly direction, for nearly half a mile. At the distance of about
a quarter of a mile more is another rock, so that a more dangerous
marine locality can hardly be imagined. Both these rocks had proved the
cause of many fatal shipwrecks, and it was at last resolved to make an
attempt to obviate the danger. In the year 1696, a gentleman of Essex,
named Winstanley, who had a turn for architecture and mechanics, was
engaged to erect a lighthouse upon the Eddystone rock, and in four
years he completed it. It did not, however, stand long, for while some
repairs were in progress under his direction in 1703, on the 26th
November, a violent hurricane came on which blew the lighthouse down,
and Mr. Winstanley and all his workmen perished--nothing remaining of
the edifice but a few stones and a piece of iron chain.

In the spring of 1706 an Act of Parliament was obtained for rebuilding
the lighthouse, and a gentleman named Rudyerd, a silk mercer, was the
engineer engaged. He placed five courses of heavy stones upon the
rock and then erected a superstructure of wood. The lighthouse on the
Bell Rock, off the coast of Fife, and the one placed at the entrance
of the Mersey on the Black Rock, are similarly constructed, so that
there seemed to be good reason for adopting the principle. Mr. Smeaton
thought that the work was done in a masterly and effective manner; but
in 1755 the edifice was destroyed by fire, and he was next retained as
the engineer for this important building.

The result of his labours has justly been considered worthy of the
admiration of the world, for it is distinguished alike for its
strength, durability, and beauty of form. The base of the tower is
about twenty-six feet nine inches in diameter, and the masonry is so
formed as to be a part of the solid rock, to the height of thirteen
feet above the surface, where the diameter is diminished to nineteen
feet and a half. The tower then rises in a gradually diminishing curve
to the height of eighty-five feet, including the lantern, which is
twenty-four feet high. The upper extremity is finished by a cornice, a
balustrade being placed around the base of the lantern for use as well
as ornament.

The tower is furnished with a door and windows, and the whole edifice
outside bears the graceful outline of the trunk of a mighty tree,
combining lightness with elegance and strength. Mr. Smeaton commenced
his labours in 1756, and completed the building in four years. Before
commencing operations he took accurate drawings of the exterior of the
rock, and the stones, which were brought from the striking and romantic
district of Dartmoor, were all formed to fit into its crevices, and so
prepared as to be dovetailed together, and strung by oaken plugs. When
put into their places, and then firmly cemented, the whole seemed to
form, and does indeed constitute, a part of the solid rock.


SWEATING SICKNESS.

The Sweating Sickness first visited England Anno Dom. 1483, and
repeated its visitations 1485, 1506, 1517, 1528, and last of all, 1551.

This epidemic disease raged with such peculiar violence in England,
and had so quick a crisis, that it was distinguished by the name of
_Ephemera Britannica_. This singular fever seems to have been of the
most simple, though of the most acute kind, and notwithstanding princes
and nobles were its chief victims, the physicians of the day never
agreed upon the method of treating it.

The splendid French embassy, which arrived in England in 1550, found
the court-festivities damped by a visitation of that strange and
terrific malady.

"This pestilence, first brought into the island by the foreign
mercenaries who composed the army of the Earl of Richmond, afterwards
Henry VII., now made its appearance for the fourth and last time in
our annals. It seized principally, it is said, on males, on such as
were in the prime of their age, and rather on the higher than the
lower classes: within the space of twenty-four hours, the fate of the
sufferer was decided for life or death. Its ravages were prodigious;
two princes died of it; and the general consternation was augmented,
by a superstitious idea which went forth, that Englishmen alone were
the destined victims of this mysterious minister of fate, which tracked
their steps, with a malice and sagacity of an evil spirit, into every
distant country of the earth whither they might have wandered, whilst
it left unassailed all foreigners in their own."


AN AMERICAN ADVERTISEMENT.

The following is an early specimen of that system of poetical
advertising which in recent times has become so common. It is always
interesting to note the origin of customs with which we subsequently
become familiar:--

_Notice to the Public, and especially to Emigrants, who wish to settle
on Lands._--The Subscriber offers for Sale, several Thousand Acres
of Land, situated in well settled Front Townships, in Lots to suit
Purchasers.

    Particulars about Location,
    May be known by application.
    For quality of soil, and so forth,
    Buyers to see, on Nag must go forth.
    This much I'll tell ye plainly,
    Of big trees ye'll see mainly.
    'Bout Butter Nut and Beach,
    A whole week I could preach;
    But what the plague's the use of that?
    The lands are nigh, low, round, and flat.
    There's rocks and stumps, no doubt enough,
    And bogs and swamps, just _quantum-suff_
    To breed the finest of Musquitoes;
    As in the sea are bred Bonitos,
    No lack of fever or of ague;
    And many other things to plague you.
    In short, they're just like other people's,
    Sans houses, pigsties, barns, or steeples
    What most it imports you to know,
    'S the terms on which I'll let 'em go.
    So now I offer to the Buyer,
    A Credit to his own desire,
    For butter, bacon, bread, and cheese,
    Lean bullocks, calves, or ducks and geese,
    Corn, _Tates_, flour, barley, rye,
    Or any thing but _Punkin-Pie_.
    In three, four years, _Aye, five or six_,
    If that won't do, why let _him_ fix.
    But when once fix'd, if payment's slack,
    As sure as Fate, I'll take 'em back.

              THOMAS DALTON.

    Kingston Brewery, (Canada,) Nov. 2, 1821.


MAGNIFICENCE OF FORMER TIMES.

_Account how the Earl of Worcester lived at Ragland Castle in
Monmouthshire, before the Civil Wars, which began in 1641._

At eleven o'clock in the forenoon, the Castle gates were shut, and the
tables laid; two in the dining-room; three in the hall; one in Mrs.
Watson's apartment, where the chaplains are, (Sir Toby Mathews being
the first;) and two in the housekeeper's room for the lady's women.

The Earl came into the dining-room attended by his gentlemen. As soon
as he was seated, Sir Ralph Blackstone, Steward of the house, retired.
The Comptroller, Mr. Holland, attended with his staff, as did the
Sewer, Mr. Blackburne; the daily waiters, Mr. Clough, Mr. Selby, and
Mr. Scudamore; with many gentlemen's sons, from two to seven hundred
pounds a year, bred up in the Castle; my Lady's Gentleman Usher, Mr.
Harcourt; my Lord's Gentlemen of the Chamber, Mr. Morgan and Mr. Fox.

At the first table sat the noble family, and such of the nobility as
came.

At the second table, in the dining-room, sat Knights and Honourable
Gentlemen, attended by footmen.

In the hall, at the first table sat Sir Ralph Blackstone, Steward; the
Comptroller, Mr. Holland; the Secretary; the Master of the Horse, Mr.
Delewar; the Master of the Fish Ponds, Mr. Andrews; my Lord Herbert's
Preceptor, Mr. Adams; with such Gentlemen as came there under the
degree of a Knight, attended by footmen, and plentifully served with
wine.

At the second table in the hall, (served from my Lord's table, and with
other hot meats,) sat the Sewer, with the Gentlemen Waiters and Pages,
to the number of twenty-four.

At the third table in the hall, sat the Clerk of the Kitchen, with the
Yeomen Officers of the House, two Grooms of the Chamber, &c.

Other Officers of the Household were, Chief Auditor, Mr. Smith; Clerk
of the Accounts, Mr. George Wharton; Purveyor of the Castle, Mr.
Salsbury; Ushers of the Hall, Mr. Moyle and Mr. Croke; Closet Keeper,
Gentleman of the Chapel, Mr. Davies; Keeper of the Records; Master of
the Wardrobe; Master of the Armoury; Master Groom of the Stable for the
War Horses; Master of the Hounds; Master Falconer; Porter and his man.

Two Butchers; two Keepers of the Home Park; two Keepers of the Red Deer
Park.

Footmen, Grooms, and other menial Servants, to the number of 150. Some
of the footmen were brewers and bakers.

Out Officers.--Steward of Ragland, William Jones, Esq.; the Governor of
Chepstow Castle, Sir Nicholas Kemys, Bart.; Housekeeper of Worcester
House, in London, James Redman, Esq.

Thirteen Bailiffs.

Two Counsel for the Bailiffs to have recourse to.

Solicitor, Mr. John Smith.


SADLER'S WELLS.

"T. G., Doctor in Physic," published, in 1684, a pamphlet upon
this place, in which he says:--"The water of this well, before the
Reformation, was very much famed for several extraordinary cures
performed thereby, and was thereupon accounted sacred, and called
Holywell. The priests belonging to the priory of Clerkenwell using to
attend there, made the people believe that the virtue of the water
proceeded from the efficacy of their prayers; but at the Reformation
the well was stopped, upon the supposition that the frequenting of
it was altogether superstitious; and so by degrees it grew out of
remembrance, and was wholly lost until then found out; when a gentleman
named Sadler, who had lately built a new music-house there, and being
surveyor of the highways, had employed men to dig gravel in his garden,
in the midst whereof they found it stopped up and covered with an arch
of stone." After the decease of Sadler, Francis Forcer, a musician of
some eminence in his profession, became proprietor of the well and
music-room; he was succeeded by his son, who first exhibited there the
diversions of rope-dancing and tumbling, which were then performed in
the garden. The rural vicinity of the "Wells," long made it a favourite
retreat of the pleasure-seeking citizens.

[Illustration: Champion Figg.]

James Figg, a native of Thame, in Oxfordshire, was a man of remarkable
athletic strength and agility, and signalized himself greatly over any
of his country competitors in the art of cudgel-playing, single-stick,
and other gymnastic exercises. Having acquired a considerable knowledge
of the broadsword, he came to London, and set up as master in that
science, undertaking to teach the nobility and gentry of his day
the noble art of self defence; and championed himself against all
comers. He took a waste piece of ground, the corner of Wells and
Castle-streets, Oxford-road, and erected a wooden edifice, which,
in imitation of the Romans, he denominated an amphitheatre; and
established here a regular academy, to train pupils in the practice of
cudgeling, broadsword, &c. &c., as well to use it, on fixed occasions,
for the exhibition of prizefighting. He had many followers, and we find
him commemorated and praised by most of the wits of his time. "The
Tattler," "Guardian," and "Craftsman," have equally contributed to
preserve his memory, as have several writers. Bramstone, in his "Man of
Taste" tells us:--

    "In Figg the prize-fighter by day delight,
     And sup with Colley Cibber every night."

Another writer notices him in the following lines:--

    "To Figg and Broughton he commits his breast,
     To steel it to the fashionable test."

Sutton, the pipe-maker of Gravesend, was his rival, and dared the
mighty Figg to the combat. Twice they fought, with alternate advantage;
but, at the third trial, a considerable time elapsed before victory
decided for either party; at length the palm of victory was obtained
by Figg. In short, neither Ned Sutton, Tom Buck, nor Bob Stokes, could
resist, or stand against his skill and valour. He was never defeated
but once, and then by Sutton, in one of their previous combats, and
that was generally supposed to have been in consequence of an illness
he had on him at the time he fought.

When Faber engraved his portrait from a painting by Ellys, he was at
a loss what he should insert, as an appropriate motto, and consulting
with a friend what he should put, was answered, "_A Figg for the
Irish._" This was immediately adopted, and the print had a rapid sale.

Figg died in 1734. William Flander a noted scholar of his, fought at
the amphitheatre, in 1723, with Christopher Clarkson, from Lancashire,
who was called the Old Soldier. The fashion of attending prizefighting
matches had attained its highest zenith in Figg's time, and it was
looked upon as a very great proof of self-denial in an amateur if he
failed a meeting on those occasions.

    From Figg's theatre he will not miss a night,
    Though cocks, and bulls, and Irish women, fight.

Figg left a widow and several children; so recently as 1794 a
daughter-in-law of his was living, and resided in Charles-street,
Westminster, where she kept a house, and supported herself very
decently by letting lodgings, aided by a very small income.


DRESS IN 1573.

The wardrobe of a country gentleman is thus given from a will, dated
1573, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, in Brayley and Britton's
_Graphic Illustrator_--"I give unto my brother Mr. William Sheney
my best black gown, garded and faced with velvet, and my velvet cap;
also I will unto my brother Thomas Marcal my new shepe colored gowne,
garded with velvet and faced with cony; also I give unto my son Tyble
my shorte gown, faced with wolf (skin), and laid with Billements lace;
also I give unto my brother Cowper my other shorte gowne, faced with
foxe; also I give unto Thomas Walker my night gown, faced with cony,
with one lace also, and my ready (ruddy) colored hose; also I give
unto my man Thomas Swaine my doublet of canvas that Forde made me, and
my new gaskyns that Forde made me; also I give unto John Wyldinge a
cassock of shepes colour, edged with ponts skins; also I give unto John
Woodzyle my doublet of fruite canvas, and my hose with fryze bryches;
also I give unto Strowde my frize jerkin with silke buttons; also I
give Symonde Bisshoppe, the smyth, my other frize jerkyn, with stone
buttons; also I give to Adam Ashame my hose with the frendge (fringe),
and lined with crane-coloured silk; which gifts I will to be delivered,
immediately after my decease."


ORIGIN OF THE CREST OF THE PRINCE OF WALES.

The loss of the French at the battle of Creçy was immense. There fell
1,200 knights; 1,400 esquires; 4,000 commissioned officers; 30,000 rank
and file; Dukes of Lorraine and Bourbon; Earls of Flanders, Blois,
Harcourt, Vaudemont, and Aumale; the King of Bohemia; the King of
Majorca. The English lost one esquire, three knights, and less than one
hundred rank and file. Here did they first use field artillery; and
on this battle-field did the young Prince of Wales adopt the ostrich
plumes and motto of the slain King of Bohemia, who, being blind,
desired to be led at a gallop between two knights into the thick of
the fight, and thus met death. Those feathers and the two words "Ich
dien," "I serve," are to this day the heraldic bearings of the Prince
of Wales, whom God preserve! So much for Creçy or Cressy!


SINGULAR DISCOVERY OF A THIEF IN 1822.

On February 20, as a servant in the employ of J. L. King, Esq., of
Stogumber, was entering a field, his attention was attracted by a
magpie, which appeared to have escaped from a neighbouring house. The
bird spoke so uncommonly plain that the man was induced to follow it.
"_Cheese for Marget, Cheese for Marget_," was its continual cry, as
it hopped forward, till it stopped behind a hay-stack, and began to
eat. On inspection, a number of hams, a quantity of cheese, &c., were
discovered, which had been stolen, a short time previously, from Mr.
Bowering, of Williton. The plunder was deposited in sacks, on one of
which was marked the name of a person residing in the neighbourhood,
which led to the apprehension of four fellows, who have been committed
to Wilton gaol.


EFFECT OF VINEGAR ON THE SKIN.

By the use of vinegar the Spanish General Vitellis, made his skin hang
about him like a pelisse; but of the wonderful dilatability of the
skin, no instance equals the Spaniard who showed himself to Van-Horn,
Silvius, Piso, and other learned men at Amsterdam. Taking up with his
left hand the skin of his right shoulder, he would bring the same up
to his mouth: again he would draw the skin of his chin down to his
breast like a beard, and presently put it upwards to the top of his
head, hiding both his eyes therewith; after which, the same would
return orderly and equally to its proper place.


ADVERTISEMENT OF A DYING SPEECH BOOK IN 1731.

Newgate literature was more popular in the last century than it is now.
The following is an advertisement in the _Gentleman's Magazine_ of the
above date:--

"A General History of Executions for the year, 1730. Containing the
lives, actions, dying speeches, confessions and behaviour, of sixty
malefactors executed at Tyburn, and elsewhere; particularly three
unfortunate young gentlemen, viz., Mr. Goodburn, a Cambridge scholar,
Mr. Johnston, and Mr. Porter, son to the late Lord Mayor of Dublin:
and of several notorious highwaymen, foot-pads, street-robbers, and
housebreakers, as Dalton, Everet, Doyle, Newcomb, &c., and of the five
young highwaymen taken at Windsor, said to have formed a design to rob
the Queen there. To which is added, the trial of William Gordon at
Chelmsford for a robbery on the highway; an account of the incendiaries
at Bristol, and the apprehending John Power, for sending threatening
letters, and firing Mr. Packer's house; also the life of Col. Ch--s.
Together with an alphabetical list of all the persons indicted or
tried at the Old Bailey, the year past. With the judgment of the court
respectively passed upon each, referring to the pages in the session
books for the trials at large. Printed for R. Newton at St. John's
Gate, and sold by the booksellers price bound 2_s._ 6_d._"


ADVERTISEMENT OF A FLEET PARSON.

In the last century, when marriages were allowed to be transacted--we
cannot say solemnized--in the Fleet Prison, and the adjacent taverns,
the profligate wretches who disgraced their sacred profession by taking
part in such iniquities, were obliged to bid against one another for
custom--here is one of their advertisements:--

  G. R.

  At the true Chapel
  at the old Red Hand and Mitre, three doors from Fleet Lane and
  next Door to the White Swan;
  Marriages are performed by authority by the Reverend Mr. Symson
  educated at the University of Cambridge, and late Chaplain to the
  Earl of Rothes.

  N.B. Without Imposition.


THE ASS.

In all countries, this sure-footed and faithful animal is adopted as
an emblem of stupidity, from the patience with which it submits to
punishment and endures privation. A pair of ass's ears is inflicted
upon a child in reproof of his duncehood; and through life we hear
every blockhead of our acquaintance called an ass. Whereas the ass is
a beast of great intelligence; and we often owe our safety to its sure
and unerring foot beside the perilous precipice, where the steps of the
man of science would have faltered.

The Fathers of the Church, and the Disciples of the Sorbonne, persuaded
of the universal influence of the Christian faith, believed the dark
cross on the back of the ass to date only from the day on which our
Saviour made his entry into Jerusalem. The ass of the desert was an
animal of great price. Pliny mentions that the Senator Arius paid
for one the sum of four hundred thousand sesterces. Naturalists have
frequently remarked the extraordinary dimensions of an ass's heart,
which is thought an indication of courage; and it is the custom of the
peasantry of some countries to make their children wear a piece of
ass's skin about their person. The ass's skin is peculiarly valuable,
both for the manufacture of writing-tablets and drums; which may be
the reason why a dead ass is so rarely seen. It is too valuable to be
left on the highway. In many places, the ass serves as a barometer.
If he roll in the dust, fine weather may be expected; but if he erect
his ears, rain is certain. Why should not these animals experience the
same atmospheric influences as man? Are we not light-hearted in the
sunshine, and depressed in a heavy atmosphere?


CHOICE RECEIPTS FROM "PHYSICK FOR THE POOR. LONDON, 1657."

_To make any one that Sleepeth answer to whatsoever thou ask._--Take
the heart of an oul, and his right legg, and put them upon the breast
of one that sleepeth, and they shall reveal whatsoever thou ask them.

_To know any Man or Woman's minde when they are Asleep._--Take the hart
of a dove, and the legg of a frog, dry it well, and beat them to powder
in a morter, put this up in a linnen cloth, with three or four round
pibble stones, as big as wallnuts, then lay this upon the parties pit
of their stomach, and they shall tell you all things that they have
done, if there is anything remarkable that troubles them.

_To make the Nose Bleed._--Take the leaves of yerrow, put it up in thy
nose; this will make the nose bleed immediately.

_To make a Tooth Drop out._--Mizaldus saith that if you make a powder
of earth-worms and put it in the hollow of a rotten tooth, it will
immediately drop out.

How strange must have been the education and intelligence of the
period, when people could write, publish, and practice such incredible
trash!


SHOCKING DEPRAVITY.

The following account, from an old magazine, affords a strange and
lamentable instance of a wretch just about to die, being only intent
with his latest breath to defame his own mother:--

Mary Lynn, condemn'd last Assizes for the County of Norfolk, was burnt
to ashes at a stake, for being concern'd in the murder of her mistress;
and Smith, the principal, was hang'd for the same fact. She deny'd her
being guilty, and said Smith could clear her if he would. She behaved
with decency, and died penitent. Smith was drunk at the gallows; and
seem'd to have but little sense either of his crime or punishment;
however, desired all masters to pay their servants' wages on Saturday
night, that they might have money to spend, and not run in debt. Said,
"My mother always told me I should die in my shoes, but I will make her
a liar;" so threw them off.


PERSONAL CHARMS DISCLAIMED.

If any human being was free from personal vanity, it must have been
the second Duchess d'Orleans, Charlotte Elizabeth of Bavaria. In one
of her letters (dated 9th August, 1718), she says, "I must certainly
be monstrously ugly. I never had a good feature. My eyes are small, my
nose short and thick, my lips broad and thin. These are not materials
to form a beautiful face. Then I have flabby, lank cheeks, and long
features, which suit ill with my low stature. My waist and my legs
are equally clumsy. Undoubtedly I must appear to be an odious little
wretch; and had I not a tolerable good character, no creature could
endure me. I am sure a person must be a conjuror to judge me by my eyes
that I have a grain of wit."


CADER IDRIS.

On the very summit of Cader Idris there is an excavation in the solid
rock, resembling a couch; and it is said that whoever should rest a
night in that seat, will be found in the morning either dead, raving
mad, or endued with supernatural genius.


OLD LONDON SIGNS.

Some notion of the houses and shops of old London may be gathered by
a visit to Bell Yard, near Temple Bar; Great Winchester Street, near
the Bank; the wooden houses near Cripplegate Church; and a few other
districts which were spared by the Great Fire of 1666. In Bell Yard,
for instance, the national feeling for improvement has from time to
time effected changes; the lattices of diamond-shaped lead-work, carved
pendants, and the projecting signs of the various tradesmen, have
disappeared, and here and there sheets of plate glass have been used,
to give a somewhat modern appearance to the places of business. Still
the projecting and massive wood-work of the shops, and the peculiar
picturesque appearance of the houses, cannot be altogether disguised;
and if any of our readers, who may be curious in such matters, will
walk up Bailey's Court, on the west side of Bell Yard, he will there
see a group of wooden buildings exactly like the great mass which was
cleared by the fire. In some of the pictures of London of about this
time, the shops of the various tradesmen were chiefly unglazed, and
above the door of each was suspended the silver swans; the golden
swans; the chained swans; the golden heads; mitres; bells--black, red,
white, and blue; rising and setting suns; moons of different phases;
men in the moon; sceptres; crowns, and many other devices, which, even
at that time, were necessary to distinguish one shop from another. The
chequers; St. George and the dragon; royal oaks; king's heads; and
double signs, such as the horseshoe and magpie; bell and crown; bell
and horns, and such like, were more particularly set apart for the use
of the various hostelries. Everyone, however, who had a London shop of
any kind or consequence, had his sign. Many of them were well carved in
wood, and ornamented with emblazonry and gilding.

No doubt if it were possible to find at the present time the same
picturesque architectural displays as were to be met with in London in
Queen Elizabeth's days, our artistic friends would be able to pick up
many a nice subject for their pencils, but in those days there were
plenty of drawbacks; the pavement was bad, the drainage was worse, and
from the eaves of the houses and pents of the shops, streams of water
ran down in wet weather upon the wayfarers, and, by lodging in the
thoroughfares, made the London streets something in the same state as
those of Agar Town and some other neglected parts of the metropolis.
We must not forget that in the days to which we allude there were no
flagged footpaths, and that the only distinction from the horse and
cart roads, and that for the foot passengers, was a separation by
wooden posts, which, in genteel places, were made supports for chains.
People, however, got tired of this bad state of things, and measures
were taken to put a stop to the streams of water from the roofs, &c.
After the Great Fire, an enactment was made for an alteration in
the spouts, &c.; all barbers poles, and projecting signs, and other
projections were to be done away with, and other changes made for the
better. Up to the reign of Queen Anne, we find, by reference to views
of Cheapside and the neighbourhood of the Monument, that the projecting
signs were still in use; and that even at that recent date, many of
the London shops in the important neighbourhoods above mentioned were
without glazing, and looked much like some of the greengrocers' sheds
in use now in Bermondsey and some other places.

Severe measures seem to have been at length taken against the
projecting signs, and most of them disappeared, and then it became
a most difficult matter either to address letters, or find a man's
shop. In Dr. Johnson's day, he and other persons gave the address
"over against" a particular sign, or so many doors from such a sign.
In consequence of this uncertainty, many houses in London, which from
their association with eminent men would possess much interest now,
cannot be pointed out; and it was a wonderful benefit to the metropolis
when the plan of numbering the houses in each street was hit upon. But
for this, considering that the population has doubled in the last fifty
years, it is difficult to know how the genius of Rowland Hill would
have worked his plan of London post-office delivery, or business could
be carried on with any kind of comfort.

The booksellers and publishers seem to have been the last, with the
exception of the tavern-keepers, to give up the old signs. After the
Great Fire, some of the ancient signs which were cut in stone, and
which had escaped the conflagration, were got out of the ruins, and
afterwards placed in the front of the plain, yet solid, brick buildings
which were erected after that event. Some of these--the "Chained
Bear," the "Collared Swan," the "Moon and Seven Stars," and "Sun," in
Cheapside, and some others which we now engrave--are still preserved.
The carved wooden sign of the "Man in the Moon," in Wych Street,
Strand, is a rare example; and the "Horse-shoe and Magpie," in Fetter
Lane, is one of the last of the suspended signs to be now found in the
City.

[Illustration: [++] Painted Signs of London Taverns.]

Amongst the painted signs of London taverns worth notice, is one in
Oxford-street (nearly opposite Rathbone-place), said to have been
painted by Hogarth. The subject is "a man loaded with mischief." He has
a stout woman on his shoulders, together with a monkey, magpie, etc.
The male figure shown in this street picture seems to bear up pretty
well under his burden.


NARROW ESCAPE.--CALM RELIANCE ON PROVIDENCE.

In the year 1552, Francis Pelusius, of sixty-three years old, digging a
well forty foot deep in the hill of St. Sebastian, the earth above him
fell in upon him to thirty-five foot depth; he was somewhat sensible
before of what was coming, and opposed a plank, which by chance he had
with him, against the ruins, himself lying under it; by this means he
was protected from the huge weight of earth, and retained some room
and breath to himself, by which he lived seven days and nights without
food or sleep, without any pain or sorrow, being full of hope, which
he placed in God only. Ever and anon he called for help, as being yet
safe, but was heard by none, though he could hear the motion, noise
and words of those that were above him, and could count the hours as
the clock went. After the seventh day, he being all this while given
for dead, they brought a bier for his corpse, and when a good part of
the well was digged up, on a sudden they heard the voice of one crying
from the bottom. At first they were afraid, as if it had been the
voice of a subterranean spirit; the voice continuing, they had some
hope of his life, and hastened to dig to him, till at last, after they
had given him a glass of wine, they drew him up living and well, his
strength so entire that to lift him out he would not suffer himself to
be bound, nor would use any help of another. Yea, he was of so sound
understanding, that, jesting, he drew out his purse and gave them
money, saying _He had been with such good hosts, that for seven days it
had not cost him a farthing_.


CEILING OF WHITEHALL.

The celebrated painting on the roof of the Banqueting House, has been
restored, re-painted, and refreshed, not fewer than three times. In the
reign of James II., 1687, Parrey Walton, a painter of still life, and
the keeper of the king's pictures, was appointed to re-touch this grand
work of art, which had then (as appears by the Privy Council Book)
been painted only sixty years. Walton was paid £212 for its complete
restoration, which sum was considered by Sir Christopher Wren, "as very
modest and reasonable." It was restored a second time by the celebrated
Cipriani; and for a third time by a painter named Rigaud.


BUNYAN'S BIBLE.

John Bunyan's Bible (printed by Bill and Barker) bound in morocco, and
which had been his companion during his twelve years' unjustifiable
confinement in Bedford gaol, where he wrote his "Pilgrim's Progress,"
was purchased at the sale of the library of the Rev. S. Palmer, of
Hackney, March, 1814, for the late Samuel Whitbread, Esq., for the
sum of £21. This Bible, and the "Book of Martyrs," are said to have
constituted the whole library of Bunyan during his imprisonment.


SPECIMENS OF ROYAL GRANTS.

In 1206, King John grants to W. de Camville a licence to destroy game
in any of the royal forests, which proves the origin of the Game Laws.

1238. Henry III. gave 500_l._ to Baldwyn, Emperor of Constantinople.

1342. King Edward III. forgives to the mayor and citizens of London the
indignation and rancour of mind that he had conceived against them.

1344. The king grants to Adam Thorp, the trimmer of his beard, certain
lands at Eye, near Westminster. The scrupulous attention which Edward
III. paid to that ornament of his face, may be seen in his bronze
effigy in Westminster Abbey, which was taken from a mask after his
death.

1409. The king settles on Joan of Navarre, his queen, 10,000_l._ per
annum.

1417. Henry V. grants to Joan Warin, his nurse, an annuity of 20_l._
during life.

1422. The jewels which had belonged to King Henry V., and were valued
at so large a sum as 40,000_l._, were delivered to Sir Henry Fitz Hugh,
and his other executors, for the payment of his personal debts.

1422. The "Pysane," or great collar of gold and rubies, was pawned by
the king to his uncle, Cardinal Beaufort, who is supposed, at the time
of his death, to have amassed more wealth than any subject in England.


COFFEE AND TEA.

The bill for attendance at the Dorchester Assizes in 1686 of Mr. John
Bragge, the town-clerk of Lyme, presents this novelty--the article
_coffee_ is charged 2d. This may have been drunk at a coffee-house.
Coffee was introduced from Turkey in 1650.

An advertisement in the "Mercurius Politicus," Sept. 30, 1658,
instructs how "That excellent and by all physitians approved _China_
drink, called by the Chineans Tcha, by other nations, _tay_ alias
_tee_, is sold at the Sultana's Head Coffee-house, in Sweeting's-rents,
by the Exchange, _London_.--"

There was a "cophee-house" in St. Michael's-alley, Cornhill, about
1657. Tea, coffee, and chocolate were placed under the excise. There
was no tax upon these commodities when imported, but when made into
drink, as tea was, at 8d. a gallon, and sold at these houses.


REMARKABLE PRESERVATION OF HUMAN HAIR SINCE THE NORMAN PERIOD.

In 1839 a coffin was discovered in the abbey church of Romsey, which
had originally contained the body of a female of the above early time.
The bones had entirely decayed, but the hair, with its characteristic
indestructibility, was found entire, and appeared as if the skull had
only recently been removed from it, retaining its form entire, and
having plaited tails eighteen inches in length. It is still preserved
in a glass case, lying upon the same block of oak which has been its
pillow for centuries.


PUBLIC TASTE FOR CONJURING IN 1718.

One of the amusements of 1718 was the juggling exhibition of a
fire-eater, whose name was De Hightrehight, a native of the valley
of Annivi in the Alps. This tremendous person ate burning coals,
chewed flaming brimstone and _swallowed_ it, licked a red-hot poker,
placed a red-hot heater on his tongue, kindled coals on his tongue,
suffered them to be blown, and broiled meat on them, ate melted pitch,
brimstone, bees-wax, sealing-wax, and rosin, with a spoon; and, to
complete the business, he performed all these impossibilities five
times _per diem_, at the Duke of Marlborough's Head, in Fleet-street,
for the trifling receipts of 2s. 6d., 1s. 6d., and 1s. Master
Hightrehight had the honour of exhibiting before Lewis XIV., the
Emperor of Germany, the King of Sicily, the Doge of Venice, and an
infinite number of princes and nobles--and the Prince of Wales, who had
nearly lost this inconceivable pleasure by the envious interposition of
the Inquisition at Bologna and in Piedmont, which holy office seemed
inclined to try _their mode of burning_ on his _body_, leaving to him
the care of resisting the flames and rendering them harmless; but he
was preserved from the unwelcome ordeal by the interference of the
Dutchess Royal Regent of Savoy and the Marquis Bentivoglia.


THE TRIUMPHS OF SCIENCE AND PERSEVERANCE.

Distance seems not to have entered into the calculations of the
engineers who built those monuments of human skill--carriage-roads
over the Alps. They were after a certain grade, and they obtained it,
though by contortions and serpentine windings that seem almost endless.
Thus the Simplon averages nowhere more than one inch elevation to a
foot, and, indeed, not quite that. Thirty thousand men were employed on
this road six years. There are six hundred and eleven bridges in less
than forty miles, ten galleries, and twenty houses of refuge, while
the average width of the road is over twenty-five feet. The Splugen
presents almost as striking features as the Simplon. From these facts,
some idea may be gathered of the stupendous work it must be to carry a
carriage-road over the Alps.


CHRISTMAS PIE.

The following appeared in the _Newcastle Chronicle_, 6th January,
1770:--

"Monday last was brought from Howick to Berwick, to be shipped for
London, for Sir Henry Grey, bart., a pie, the contents whereof are as
follows:--2 bushels of flour, 20 lbs. of butter, 4 geese, 2 turkeys, 2
rabbits, 4 wild ducks, 2 woodcocks, 6 snipes, 4 partridges, 2 neats'
tongues, 2 curlews, 7 blackbirds, and 6 pigeons: it is supposed a very
great curiosity, was made by Mrs. Dorothy Patterson, housekeeper at
Howick. It was near nine feet in circumference at bottom, weighs about
twelve stones, will take two men to present it at table; it is neatly
fitted with a case, and four small wheels to facilitate its use to
every guest that inclines to partake of its contents at table."


THE UPAS, (POISON) TREE.

We give here an instance of the extravagancies of ancient travellers,
this tissue of falsehoods being taken from "Foersch's Description of
Java:"--

The _Bohon Upas_ is situated in the Island of Java about twenty-seven
leagues from Batavia, fourteen from Soulis Charta, the seat of the
Emperor, and between eighteen and twenty leagues from Tinkjoe, the
present residence of the Sultan of Java. It is surrounded on all sides
by a circle of high hills and mountains; and the country round it,
to the distance of ten or twelve miles from the tree, is entirely
barren. Not a tree, nor a shrub, nor even the least plant or grass is
to be seen. I have made the tour all around this dangerous spot, at
about eighteen miles distant from the centre, and I found the aspect
of the country on all sides equally dreary. The easiest ascent of the
hills is from that part where the old Ecclesiastick dwells. From his
house the criminals are sent for the poison, into which the points of
all warlike instruments are dipped. It is of high value, and produces
a considerable revenue to the Emperor. The poison which is procured
from this tree is a gum that issues out between the bark and the tree
itself, like the _camphor_. Malefactors, who for their crimes are
sentenced to die, are the only persons who fetch the poison; and this
is the only chance they have of saving their lives. After sentence is
pronounced upon them by the Judge, they are asked in Court, whether
they will die by the hands of the executioner, or whether they will go
to the Upas-tree for a box of poison? They commonly prefer the latter
proposal, as there is not only some chance of preserving their lives,
but also a certainty, in case of their safe return, that a provision
will be made for them in future by the Emperor. They are also permitted
to ask a favour from the Emperor, which is generally of a trifling
nature, and commonly granted. They are then provided with a silver or
tortoise-shell box, in which they are to put the poisonous gum, and are
properly instructed how to proceed while they are upon their dangerous
expedition. They are always told to attend to the direction of the
wind, as they are to go towards the tree before the wind; so that the
effluvia from the tree is always blown from them. They go to the house
of the old ecclesiastick who prepares them by prayers and admonitions
for their future fate; he puts them on a long leathern cap with two
glasses before their eyes, which comes down as far as their breast; and
also provides them with a pair of leather gloves. They are conducted by
the priest, and their friends, and relations, about two miles on their
journey. The old Ecclesiastick assured me that in upwards of thirty
years, he had dismissed above seven hundred criminals in the manner
described, and that scarcely two out of twenty have returned. All the
Malayans consider this tree as an holy instrument of the great prophet
to punish the sins of mankind, and, therefore, to die of the poison of
the Upas is generally considered among them as an honourable death.
This, however, is certain, that from fifteen to eighteen miles round
this tree, not only no human creature can exist, but no animal of _any
kind_ has ever been discovered, there are no fish in the waters, and
when any birds fly so near this tree that the effluvia reaches them,
they drop down dead.


DEATH CAUSED BY SUPERSTITION.

In Hamburg, in 1784, a singular accident occasioned the death of a
young couple. The lady going to the church of the Augustin Friars,
knelt down near a Mausoleum, ornamented with divers figures in marble,
among which was that of Death, armed with a scythe, a small piece
of the scythe being loose, fell on the hood of the lady's mantelet.
On her return home, she mentioned the circumstance as a matter of
indifference to her husband, who, being a credulous and superstitious
man, cried out in a terrible panic, that it was a presage of the death
of his dear wife. The same day he was seized with a violent fever,
took to his bed, and died. The disconsolate lady was so affected at
the loss, that she was taken ill, and soon followed him. They were
both interred in the same grave; and their inheritance, which was very
considerable, fell to some very distant relations.


ST. PAUL AND THE VIPER.--THE CHURCH AT MALTA.

Not far from the old city of Valetta, in the island of Malta, there
is a small church dedicated to St. Paul, and just by the church, a
miraculous statue of the Saint with a viper on his hand; supposed to be
placed on the very spot on which he was received after his shipwreck
on this island, and where he shook the viper off his hand into the
fire, without being hurt by it. At which time the Maltese assure us,
the Saint cursed all the venomous animals of the island, and banished
them for ever; just as St. Patrick treated those of his favourite isle.
Whether this be the cause of it or not, we shall leave to divines to
determine, though if it had, St. Luke would probably have mentioned it
in the Acts of the Apostles; but the fact is certain, that there are no
venomous animals in Malta.


THE FIRST HERMITS--WHY SO-CALLED.

Hermits, or _Eremites_, (from the Greek [Greek: _erêmos_], a desert
place,) were men who retired to desert places to avoid persecution;
they lodged in caves and cells:--

    "Where from the mountain's grassy side,
       Their guiltless feast they bring;
     A scrip with herbs and fruit supply'd,
       And water from the spring."

The first hermit was Paul, of Thebes, in Egypt, who lived about the
year 260; the second, was St. Anthony, also of Egypt, who died in 345,
at the age of 105.


ST. JAMES'S SQUARE.

The author of _A Tour through the Island of Great Britain_ (Daniel
Defoe), second edition, 1738, gives us the following particulars of
this aristocratic locality:--"The alterations lately made in St.
James's Square are entitled to our particular notice. It used to be in
a very ruinous condition, considering the noble houses in it, which are
inhabited by the first quality. But now it is finely paved all over
with heading-stone; a curious oval bason full of water, surrounded with
iron rails on a dwarf wall, is placed in the middle, mostly 7 feet
deep and 150 diameter. In the centre is a pedestal about fifteen feet
square, designed for a statue of King William III. The iron rails are
octagonal, and at each angle without the rails, is a stone pillar about
9 feet high, and a lamp on the top. The gravel walk within the rails
is about 26 feet broad from each angle to the margin of the basin.
It was done at the expense of the inhabitants by virtue of an act of
parliament. The house that once belonged to the Duke of Ormond, and
since to the Duke of Chandos, is pulled down and makes three noble
ones, besides fine stables and coach-houses behind, and two or three
more good houses in the street leading to St. James's Church. This
noble square wants nothing but to have the lower part of it, near Pall
Mall, built of a piece with the rest, and the designed statue to be
erected in the middle of the basin.

"His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales has taken the Duke of Norfolk's
house, and another adjoining to it, which are now (October, 1737),
actually repairing for his town residence; Carlton House being too
small for that purpose."


THE MORAYSHIRE FLOODS.

[Illustration: [++] The Morayshire Floods.]

In the month of August, 1829, the province of Moray and adjoining
districts were visited by a tremendous flood. Its ravages were most
destructive along the course of those rivers which have their source
in the Cairngorm mountains. The waters of the Findhorn and the Spey,
and their tributaries, rose to an unexampled height. In some parts
of their course these streams rose fifty feet above their natural
level. Many houses were laid desolate, much agricultural produce
was destroyed, and several lives were lost. The woodcut in our text
represents the situation of a boatman called Sandy Smith, and his
family, in the plains of Forres. "They were huddled together," says
the eloquent historian of the Floods, "on a spot of ground a few feet
square, some forty or fifty yards below their inundated dwelling. Sandy
was sometimes standing and sometimes sitting on a small cask, and, as
the beholders fancied, watching with intense anxiety the progress of
the flood, and trembling for every large tree that it brought sweeping
past them. His wife, covered with a blanket, sat shivering on a bit of
a log, one child in her lap, and a girl of about seventeen, and a boy
of about twelve years of age, leaning against her side. A bottle and
a glass on the ground, near the man, gave the spectators, as it had
doubtless given him, some degree of comfort. About a score of sheep
were standing around, or wading or swimming in the shallows. Three cows
and a small horse, picking at a broken rick of straw that seemed to be
half-afloat, were also grouped with the family." The account of the
rescue of the sufferers is given with a powerful dramatic effect, but
we cannot afford space for the quotation. The courageous adventurers
who manned the boat for this dangerous enterprise, after being
carried over a cataract, which overwhelmed their boat, caught hold
of a floating hay-cock, to which they clung till it stuck among some
young alder-trees. Each of them then grasping a bough, they supported
themselves for two hours among the weak and brittle branches. They
afterwards recovered the boat under circumstances almost miraculous,
and finally succeeded in rescuing Sandy and his family from their
perilous situation.


TREATMENT AND CONDITION OF WOMEN IN FORMER TIMES.

From the subversion of the Roman Empire, to the fourteenth or fifteenth
century, women spent most of their time alone, almost entire strangers
to the joys of social life; they seldom went abroad, but to be
spectators of such public diversions and amusements as the fashions of
the times countenanced. Francis I. was the first who introduced women
on public days to Court; before his time nothing was to be seen at
any of the Courts of Europe, but grey-bearded politicians, plotting
the destruction of the rights and liberties of mankind, and warriors
clad in complete armour, ready to put their plots in execution. In
the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries elegance had scarcely any
existence, and even cleanliness was hardly considered as laudable. The
use of linen was not known; and the most delicate of the fair sex wore
woollen shifts. In Paris they had meat only three times a week; and
one hundred livres, (about five pounds sterling,) was a large portion
for a young lady. The better sort of citizens used splinters of wood
and rags dipped in oil, instead of candles, which, in those days,
were a rarity hardly to be met with. Wine was only to be had at the
shops of the Apothecaries, where it was sold as a cordial; and to ride
in a two-wheeled cart, along the dirty rugged streets, was reckoned
a grandeur of so enviable a nature, that Philip the Fair prohibited
the wives of citizens from enjoying it. In the time of Henry VIII. of
England, the peers of the realm carried their wives behind them on
horseback, when they went to London; and in the same manner took them
back to their country seats with hoods of waxed linen over their heads,
and wrapped in mantles of cloth to secure them from the cold.


HOMER IN A NUTSHELL.

Huet, Bishop of Avranches, thus writes in his autobiography:--"When
his Highness the Dauphin was one day confined to his bed by a slight
illness, and we who stood round were endeavouring to entertain him by
pleasant conversation, mention was by chance made of the person who
boasted that he had written Homer's Iliad in characters so minute,
that the whole could be enclosed in a walnut shell. This appearing
incredible to many of the company, I contended not only that it might
be done, but that I could do it. As they expressed their astonishment
at this assertion, that I might not be suspected of idle boasting, I
immediately put it to the proof. I therefore took the fourth part of
a common leaf of paper, and on its narrower side wrote a single line
in so small a character that it contained twenty verses of the Iliad:
of such lines each page of the paper could easily admit 120, therefore
the page would contain 2400 Homeric verses: and as the leaf so divided
would give eight pages it would afford room for above 19,000 verses,
whereas the whole number in the Iliad does not exceed 17,000. Thus by
my single line I demonstrated my proposition."


AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHARING CROSS AND CHEAPSIDE CROSS.

The following interesting "Autobiographies" of the Old London Crosses,
are extracted from Henry Peacham's _Dialogue between the Crosse in
Cheap and Charing Cross, confronting each other, as fearing their fall
in these uncertaine times_, four leaves, 4to. 1641.

"_Charing Cross._--I am made all of white marble (which is not
perceived of euery one) and so cemented with mortar made of the purest
lime, Callis sand, whites of eggs and the strongest wort, that I defie
all hatchets and hammers whatsoever. In King Henry the Eighth's daies
I was begged, and should have been degraded for that I had:--Then in
Edward the Sixe, when Somerset-house was building, I was in danger;
after that, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, one of her footmen had
like to have run away with me; but the greatest danger of all I was in,
when I quak'd for fear, was in the time of King James, for I was eight
times begged:--part of me was bespoken to make a kitchen chimney for a
chiefe constable in Shoreditch; an inn-keeper in Holborn had bargained
for as much of me as would make two troughes, one to stand under a
pumpe to water his guests' horses, and the other to give his swine
their meate in; the rest of my poore carcase should have been carried
I know not whither to the repaire of a decayed stone bridge (as I was
told) on the top of Harrow-hill. Our royall forefather and founder,
King Edward the First you know, built our sister crosses, Lincolne,
Granthame, Woburne, Northampton, Stonie-Stratford, Dunstable, Saint
Albanes, and ourselves here in London, in the 21st yeare of his raigne,
in the yeare 1289."

"_Cheapside Cross._--After this most valiant and excellent king had
built me in forme, answerable in beauty and proportion to the rest,
I fell to decay, at which time one John Hatherley, maior of London,
having first obtained a licence of King Henry the Sixt, anno 1441, I
was repaired in a beautiful manner. John Fisher, a mercer, after that
gave 600 markes to my new erecting or building, which was finished
anno 1484, and after in the second yeare of Henry the Eighth, I was
gilded over against the coming in of Charles the Fift Emperor, and
newly then gilded against the coronation of King Edward the Sixt, and
gilded againe anno 1554, against the coronation of King Philip. Lord,
how often have I been presented by juries of the quest for incombrance
of the street, and hindring of cartes and carriages, yet I have kept my
standing; I shall never forget how upon the 21st of June, anno 1581,
my lower statues were in the night with ropes pulled and rent down, as
in the resurrection of Christ--the image of the Virgin Mary, Edward
the Confessor, and the rest. Then arose many divisions and new sects
formerly unheard of, as Martin Marprelate, _alias_ Penrie, Browne, and
sundry others, as the chronicle will inform you. My crosse should have
been taken quite away, and a _Piramis_ errected in the place, but Queen
Elizabeth (that queen of blessed memory) commanded some of her privie
councell, in her Majesties name, to write unto Sir Nicholas Mosely,
then Maior, to have me againe repaired with a crosse; yet for all this
I stood bare for a yeare or two after: Her Highness being very angry,
sent expresse word she would not endure their contempt, but expressly
commanded forthwith the crosse should be set up, and sent a strict
command to Sir William Rider, Lord Maior, and bade him to respect my
antiquity; for that is the ancient ensigne of Christianity, &c. This
letter was dated December 24, anno 1600. Last of all I was marvellously
beautified and adorned against the comming in of King James, and
fenced about with sharp pointed barres of iron, against the rude and
villainous hands of such as upon condition as they might have the
pulling me down, would be bound to rifle all Cheapside."

It is scarcely necessary to say that both crosses have long since
disappeared, and their sites become uncertain, although the name of
Charing Cross still distinguishes an important London district.


SOMETHING LIKE A FEAST.

Leland mentions a feast given by the Archbishop of York, at his
installation, in the reign of Edward IV. The following is a
specimen:--300 quarters of wheat, 300 tuns of ale, 100 tuns of wine,
1,000 sheep, 104 oxen, 304 calves, 304 swine, 2,000 geese, 1,000
capons, 2,000 pigs, 400 swans, 104 peacocks, 1,500 hot venison pasties,
4,000 cold, 5,000 custards hot and cold. Such entertainments are a
picture of manners.


EGYPTIAN TOYS IN THE BRITISH MUSEUM.

The truth of the old proverb, that "there is nothing new under the
sun," will be recognised on an examination of the interesting group
which forms the subject of our engraving. Here are dolls of different
shapes, some of them for good children, and some, perhaps, for bad;
foot-balls, covered with leather, &c., the stitches in parts still
firmly adhering; models of fishes and fruit; and round pellets, which
the "small boys" of the present day would call "marbles." These toys
have been played with by little Egyptians who have been dead and buried
three or four thousand years.

Many of the toys that hold places in the English and other markets
are, so far as fashion is concerned, of considerable antiquity, having
been made, without any alteration in pattern, by certain families for
several generations. In the mountainous districts of the Savoy and
Switzerland, large numbers, both of children and grown persons, are
constantly employed in the manufacture of Noah's-arks, milkmaids &c.
Some of the animals carved in wood, and sold here for small prices,
show considerable skill in the imitation of the forms of nature, and
could only be produced at their present cost, owing to the cheapness of
living in those districts, and to the systematic division of labour.

[Illustration: [++] Egyptian Toys.]

Near the birthplace of Prince Albert is a very large manufactory of
military toys, such as drums, trumpets, helmets, &c.; and in parts of
Holland--

      "----The children take pleasure in making
    What the children of England take pleasure in breaking."


THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT.

The Pyramids of Egypt, especially the two largest of the Pyramids of
Jizeh, are the most stupendous masses of building, in stone, that human
labour has ever been known to accomplish. The Egyptian Pyramids, of
which, large and small, and in different states of preservation, the
number is very considerable, are all situated on the west side of the
Nile, and they extend, in an irregular line, and in groups, at some
distance from each other, from the neighbourhood of Jizeh, in 30° N.
lat. as far south as 29° N. lat., a length of between 60 and 70 miles.
All the Pyramids have square bases, and their sides face the cardinal
points.

[Illustration: [++] Pyramids of Jizeh.]

The Pyramids of Jizeh are nearly opposite to Cairo. They stand on a
plateau or terrace of limestone, which is a projection from the Libyan
mountain-chain. The surface of the terrace is barren and irregular,
and is covered with sand and small fragments of rock; its height,
measured from the base of the Great Pyramids, is 164 feet above the
Nile in its low state, taken at an average of the years 1798 to 1801.
The north-east angle of the Great Pyramid is 1700 yards from the canal
which runs between the terrace and the Nile, and about five miles from
the Nile itself.

Herodotus was informed by the priests of Memphis that the Great Pyramid
was built by Cheops, King of Egypt, about 900 B. C., or about 450 years
before Herodotus visited Egypt. He says that 100,000 men were employed
twenty years in building it, and that the body of Cheops was placed
in a room beneath the bottom of the Pyramid, surrounded by a vault
to which the waters of the Nile were conveyed through a subterranean
tunnel. A chamber under the centre of the Pyramid has indeed been
discovered, but it does not appear to be the tomb of Cheops. It is
about 56 feet above the low-water level of the Nile. The second Pyramid
was built, Herodotus says, by Cephren, or Cephrenes, the brother and
successor of Cheops; and the third by Mycerinus, the son of Cheops.


TEST OF COURAGE IN A CHILD.

In the education of their children, the Anglo-Saxons only sought to
render them dauntless and apt for the two most important occupations
of their future lives--war and the chase. It was a usual trial of a
child's courage, to place him on the sloping roof of a building, and
if, without screaming or terror he held fast, he was styled a stout
herce, or brave boy.--_Howel._


EXECUTION OF RAVILLIAC, WHO ASSASSINATED HENRY THE FOURTH OF FRANCE.

The scene is thus described in a volume published in 1728:--

"This Francis Ravilliac was born in Angoulesme, by profession a lawyer,
who, after the committing of that horrid fact, being seized and put
upon the rack, May 27; the 25th he had sentence of death passed on him,
and was executed accordingly in the manner following. He was brought
out of prison in his shirt, with a torch of two pound weight lighted in
one hand, and the knife wherewith he murdered the king chained to the
other; he was then set upright in a dung-cart, wherein he was carried
to the greve or place of execution, where a strong scaffold was built;
at his coming upon the scaffold he crossed himself, a sign that he dyed
a Papist; then he was bound to an engine of wood made like St. Andrew's
cross; which done, his hand with the knife chained to it was put into
a furnace, then flaming with fire and brimstone, wherein it was in a
most terrible manner consumed, at which he cast forth horrible cries
yet would he not confess any thing; after which the executioner having
made pincers red hot in the same furnace, they did pinch the brawn of
his arms and thighs, the calves of his legs, with other fleshy parts of
his body, then they poured into the wounds scalding oil, rosin, pitch,
and brimstone melted together; but to make the last act of his tragedy
equal in torments to the rest, they caused four strong horses to be
brought to tear his body in pieces, where being ready to suffer his
last torment, he was again questioned, but would not reveal any thing,
and so died without calling upon God, or speaking one word concerning
Heaven: his flesh and joints were so strongly knit together, that
these four horses could not in a long time dismember him, but one of
them fainting, a gentleman who was present, mounted upon a mighty
strong horse, alighted, and tyed him to one of the wretch's limbs, yet
for all this they were constrained to cut the flesh under his arms
and thighs with a sharp razor, whereby his body was the easier torn
in pieces; which done, the fury of the people was so great, that they
pulled his dismembered carcass out of the executioner's hands, which
they dragged up and down the dirt, and, cutting off the flesh with
their knives, the bones which remained were brought to the place of
execution, and there burnt, the ashes were cast in the wind, being
judged unworthy of the earth's burial; by the same sentence all his
goods were forfeited to the king. It was also ordained that the house
where he had been born should be beaten down, a recompence being given
the owner thereof, and never any house to be built again upon that
ground; that within fifteen days after the publication of the sentence,
by sound of trumpet in the town of Angoulesme, his father and mother
should depart the realm, never to return again; if they did, to be
hanged up presently: his brethren, sisters, and other kindred were
forbidden to carry the name of Ravilliac, but to take some other, and
the substitute of the king's attorney-general had charge to see the
execution of the sentence at his peril."


KNIVES AND FORKS.

"In all ancient pictures of Eating, &c. knives are seen in the hands of
the guests, but _no Forks_."--_Turner's Saxons._

"Here I will mention a thing," says Coryat in his 'Crudities,' "that
might have been spoken of before in the discourse of the first Italian
toun. I obserued a custome in all those Italian cities and townes
through which I passed, that is not vsed in any other country that
I saw in my traules, neither doe I think that any other nation of
Christendome doth vse it, but only Italy. The Italians, and also most
strangers that are commorant in Italy, doe alwaies at their meales vse
a _little forke_ when they cut their meate. For while with their knife,
which they hold in one hand, they cut their meate out of the dish, they
fasten their forke, which they hold in their other hand, upon the same
dish, so that whatsoever he be that sitting in the company of others at
meate, should vnaduisedly touch the dish of meate with his fingers from
which all at the table doe cut, he will give occasion of offence unto
the company, as hauing transgressed the laws of good manners, in so
much that for his error he shall be at the least broue-beaten, if not
reprehended in words.

This form of feeding, I vnderstand, is generally vsed in all places of
Italy, their forkes being for the most part made of yron or steele, and
some of siluer; but those are used only by gentlemen. The reason of
this their curiosity is, because the Italian cannot by any means indure
to have his dish touched with fingers, seeing all men's fingers are
not alike clean. Hereupon I myself thought good to imitate the Italian
fashion by this forked cutting of meate, not only while I was in Italy,
but also in Germany, and oftentimes in England, since I came home:
being once quipped for that frequent vsing of my forke, by a certain
gentleman, a familiar friend of mine, one Mr. Laurence Whitaker, who
in his merry humour doubted not to call me at table _furcifer_, only
for vsing a forke at feeding, but for no other cause."--_Coryat's
Crudities_, 1611.

Even when Heylin published his Cosmography, (1652,) forks were still a
novelty. See his Third Book, where having spoken of the ivory sticks
used by the Chinese, he adds, "The use of silver forks, which is by
some of our spruce gallants taken up _of late_, came from thence into
Italy, and from thence into England."--_Antiquarian Repertory._


CHINESE PUNISHMENT OF THE KANG OR WOODEN COLLAR.

The Chinese are very quiet and orderly; and no wonder, because they are
afraid of the great bamboo stick.

[Illustration: [++] Kang or Wooden Collar.]

The mandarins (or rulers of towns) often sentence offenders to lie upon
the ground, and to have thirty strokes of the bamboo. But the wooden
collar is worse than the bamboo stick. It is a great piece of wood with
a hole for a man to put his head through. The men in wooden collars are
brought out of their prisons every morning and chained to a wall, where
everybody passing by can see them. They cannot feed themselves in their
wooden collars, because they cannot bring their hands to their mouths;
but sometimes a son may be seen feeding his father, as he stands
chained to the wall. There are men also whose business it is to feed
the prisoners. For great crimes men are strangled or beheaded.


CASCADE DES PELERINES.

[Illustration: [++] Cascade des Pelerines.]

There is a waterfall in Chamouni which no traveller should omit going
to see, called the Cascade des Pelerines. It is one of the most curious
and beautiful scenes in Switzerland. A torrent issues from the Glacier
des Pelerines, high up the mountain, above the Glacier du Bossons, and
descends, by a succession of leaps, in a deep gorge, from precipice
to precipice, almost in one continual cataract; but it is all the
while merely gathering force, and preparing for its last magnificent
deep plunge and recoil of beauty. Springing in one round condensed
column out of the gorge, over a perpendicular cliff, it strikes, at
its fall, with its whole body of water, into a sort of vertical rock
basin, which one would suppose its prodigious velocity and weight would
split into a thousand pieces; but the whole cataract, thus arrested,
at once suddenly rebounds in a parabolic arch, at least sixty feet
into the air; and then, having made this splendid airy curvature,
falls with great noise and beauty into the natural channel below. It
is beyond measure beautiful. It is like the fall of divine grace into
chosen hearts, that send it forth again for the world's refreshment,
in something like such a shower and spray of loveliness, to go winding
its life-giving course afterwards, as still waters in green pastures.
The force of the recoil from the plunge of so large a body of water, at
such a height, is so great, that large stones, thrown into the stream
above the fall, may be heard amidst the din striking into the basin,
and then are instantly seen careering in the arch of flashing waters.
The same is the case with bushes and pieces of wood, which the boys
are always active in throwing in, for the curiosity of visitors, who
stand below, and see each object invariably carried aloft with the
cataract, in its rebounding atmospheric gambols. When the sun is in
the right position, the rainbows play about the fall like the glancing
of supernatural wings, as if angels were taking a shower-bath. If you
have "the head and the legs of a chamois," you may climb entirely above
this magnificent scene, and look out over the cliff right down into the
point where the cataract shoots like the lightning, to be again shot
back in ten thousand branching jets of diamonds.


INTERESTING INCIDENT CONNECTED WITH THE BAROMETER.

In navigation, the barometer has become an important element of
guidance, and a most interesting incident is recounted by Capt. Basil
Hall, indicative of its value in the open sea. While cruising off the
coast of South America, in the Medusa frigate, one day, when within
the tropics, the commander of a brig in company was dining with him.
After dinner, the conversation turned on the natural phenomena of the
region, when Captain Hall's attention was accidentally directed to
the barometer in the state-room where they were seated, and to his
surprise he observed it to evince violent and frequent alteration. His
experience told him to expect bad weather, and he mentioned it to his
friend. His companion, however, only laughed, for the day was splendid
in the extreme, the sun was shining with its utmost brilliance, and
not a cloud specked the deep blue sky above. But Captain Hall was too
uneasy to be satisfied with bare appearances. He hurried his friend to
his ship, and gave immediate directions for shortening the top hamper
of the frigate as speedily as possible. His lieutenants and the men
looked at him in mute surprise, and one or two of the former ventured
to suggest the inutility of the proceeding. The captain, however,
persevered. The sails were furled; the topmasts were struck; in short,
everything that could oppose the wind was made as snug as possible. His
friend, on the contrary, stood in under every sail.

The wisdom of Captain Hall's proceedings was, however, speedily
evident; just, indeed, as he was beginning to doubt the accuracy of his
instrument. For hardly had the necessary preparations been made, and
while his eye was ranging over the vessel to see if his instructions
had been obeyed, a dark hazy hue was seen to rise in the horizon,
a leaden tint rapidly overspread the sullen waves, and one of the
most tremendous hurricanes burst upon the vessels that ever seaman
encountered on his ocean home. The sails of the brig were immediately
torn to ribbons, her masts went by the board, and she was left a
complete wreck on the tempestuous surf which raged around her, while
the frigate was driven wildly along at a furious rate, and had to scud
under bare poles across the wide Pacific, full three thousand miles,
before it could be said that she was in safety from the blast.


ARCHBISHOP CRANMER'S DIETARY.

In this curious document, quoted by Warton (Hist. of Poet, iii., 177,
edit. 1840) an archbishop is allowed to have two swans or two capons in
a dish, a bishop one; an archbishop six blackbirds at once, a bishop
five, a dean four, an archdeacon two. If a dean has four dishes in
his first course, he is not afterwards to have custards or fritters.
An Archbishop may have six snipes, an archdeacon two. Rabbits, larks,
pheasants, and partridges, are allowed in these proportions. A canon
residentiary is to have a swan only on a Sunday; a rector of sixteen
marks, only three blackbirds in a week.


THE KING'S COCK CROWER.

A singular custom, of matchless absurdity, formerly existed in the
English Court. During Lent, an ancient officer of the crown, styled the
King's Cock Crower, crowed the hour each night within the precincts
of the Palace. On the Ash Wednesday, after the accession of the house
of Hanover, as the Prince of Wales (afterwards George II) sat down to
supper, this officer abruptly entered the apartment, and in a sound
resembling the shrill pipe of a cock, crowed past ten o'clock! The
astonished prince, at first conceiving it to be a premeditated insult,
rose to resent the affront, but upon the nature of the ceremony being
explained to him, he was satisfied. Since that period, this silly
custom has been discontinued.


CHINESE DELICACIES.

The Chinese eat, indiscriminately, almost every living creature which
comes in their way; dogs, cats, hawks, owls, eagles and storks, are
regular marketable commodities: in default of which a dish of rats,
field-mice, or snakes, is not objected to. Cockroaches, and other
insects and reptiles are used for food or for medicine. Their taste
for dogs' flesh is quite a passion. Young pups--plump, succulent, and
tender--fetch good prices at the market-stalls, where a supply is
always to be found. A dish of puppies, prepared by a skilful cook,
is esteemed as a dish fit for the gods. At every grand banquet it
makes its appearance as a hash or stew. A young Englishman attached to
our Canton factory, dining one day with a wealthy Hong merchant, was
determined to satisfy his curiosity in Chinese gastronomy by tasting
all or most of the numerous dishes which were successively handed
round. One dish pleased him so well that he ate nearly all that was put
before him. On returning homewards some of his companions asked him
how he liked the dinner, and how such and such dishes; and then began
to imitate the whining and barking of half a dozen puppies. The poor
young man then understood, for the first time, that he had been eating
dog, and was very angry, and very sick at the stomach. Other Europeans,
however, have been known to declare that they succeeded in conquering a
prejudice, and that a six weeks old pup, properly fattened upon rice,
and dressed _à la Chinoise_, was really a _bonne bouche_.


A GREAT MARVEL SEEN IN SCOTLAND.

The following strange and almost incredible account is given by
Lindsay, of Pitscottie:--"About this time (the beginning of the
sixteenth century) there was a great marvel seen in Scotland. A bairn
was born, reckoned to be a man-child, but from the waist up was two
fair persons, with all members pertayning to two bodies; to wit, two
heads, well-eyed, well-eared, and well-handed. The two bodies, the
one's back was fast to the other's, but from the waist down they were
but one personage; and it could not be known by the ingene of men
from which of the bodies the legs, &c., proceeded. Notwithstanding
the King's Majesty caused great care and diligence on the up-bringing
of both bodies; caused nourish them, and learn them to sing and play
on instruments of music. Who within short time became very ingenious
and cunning in the art of music, whereby they could play and sing two
parts, the one the treble, and the other the tenor, which was very
dulce and melodious to hear; the common people (who treated them also)
wondered that they could speak diverse and sundry languages, that is
to say, Latin, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, English, and Irish.
Their two bodies long continued to the age of twenty-eight years, and
the one continued long before the other, which was dolorous and heavy
to the other; for which, when many required of the other to be merry,
he answered, "How can I be merry which have my true marrow as a dead
carrion about my back, which was wont to sing and play with me: when I
was sad he would give me comfort, and I would do the like to him. But
now I have nothing but dolour of the having so heavy a burthen, dead,
cold, and unsavoury, on my back, which taketh all earthly pleasure from
me in this present life; therefore I pray to God Allmighty to deliver
me out of this present life, that we may be laid and dissolved in the
earth, wherefrom we came, &c."

Buchanan, who relates the same strange tale, avers that he received it
from "many honest and credible persons, who saw the prodigy with their
own eyes." He adds that the two bodies discovered different tastes
and appetites; that they would frequently disagree and quarrel, and
sometimes would consult each other, and concert measures for the good
of both; that when any hurt was done to the lower parts, each upper
body felt pain; but that when the injury was above the junction, then
one body only was affected. This monster, he writes, lived twenty-eight
years, but died wretchedly; one part expiring some days before the
other, which, half-putrified, pined away by degrees.


THE KING OF KIPPEN.

The following anecdote is valuable, inasmuch as it gives us an idea of
the manners which a King of Scotland could practice without offence to
his subjects:--

King James V. was a very sociable, _debonnaire_ prince. Residing at
Stirling in Buchanan of Arnpryor's time, carriers were very frequently
passing along the common road with necessaries for the use of the
king's family. One of these being near Arnpryor's house, and he having
some extraordinary occasion, ordered him to leave his load at his house
and he would pay him for it; which the carrier refused to do, telling
him he was the king's carrier, and his load was for his majesty's use.
To which Arnpryor seemed to have small regard, compelling the carrier,
in the end, to leave his load; telling him, if King James was King of
Scotland, he was king of Kippen, so that it was reasonable he should
share with his neighbour king in some of these loads so frequently
carried that road. The carrier representing this usage, and telling the
story as Arnpryor spoke it, to some of the king's servants, it came
at length to his majesty's ears, who, shortly thereafter, with a few
attendants, came to visit his neighbour king, who was, in the meantime,
at dinner. King James having sent a servant to demand access, was
denied the same by a tall fellow with a battle-axe, who stood porter at
the gate, telling him there could be no access till dinner was over.
This answer not satisfying the king, he sent to demand access a second
time; upon which he was desired by the porter to desist, otherwise
he would find cause to repent his rudeness. His majesty finding this
method would not do, desired the porter to tell his master that the
good man of Ballangeich desired to speak with the King of Kippen. The
porter telling Arnpryor so much, he, in all humble manner, came and
received the king, and having entertained him with much sumptuousness
and jollity, became so agreeable to King James, that he allowed him to
take so much of any provision he found carrying that road as he had
occasion for; and, seeing he made the first visit, desired Arnpryor in
a few days to return him a second at Stirling, which he performed, and
continued in very much favour with the king, always thereafter being
termed King of Kippen while he lived.


AN ECCENTRIC TOURIST.

Sir Hildebrand Jacob, of Yewhall, in Oxfordshire, died at Malvern
in 1790. He succeeded his grandfather, Sir John, 1740, his father,
Hildebrand, having died in 1739. He was a very extraordinary character.
As a general scholar, he was exceeded by few; in his knowledge of the
Hebrew language he scarcely had an equal. In the earlier part of his
life, one custom which he constantly followed was very remarkable. As
soon as the roads became pretty good, and the fine weather began to
set in, his man was ordered to pack-up a few things in a portmanteau,
and with these his master and himself set off, without knowing whither
they were going. When it drew towards evening, they enquired at the
first village they saw, whether the great man in it was a lover of
books, and had a fine library. If the answer was in the negative,
they went on farther; if in the affirmative, Sir Hildebrand sent his
compliments, that he was come to see him; and there he used to stay
till time or curiosity induced him to move elsewhere. In this manner
Sir Hildebrand had, very early, passed through the greatest part of
England, without scarcely ever sleeping at an inn, unless where the
town or village did not afford one person in it civilized enough to be
glad to see a gentleman and a scholar.


HANGING A MAYOR.

On the right of the road leading towards Caergwrle, and about a mile
from Mold, is an old structure, which presents a singular specimen
of the style of domestic architecture during the ages of lawless
violence in which it was erected: it consists of an ancient square
tower of three stories, and appears to have been designed as a place of
fortified habitation. During the wars between the houses of York and
Lancaster, it was inhabited by Reinallt ab Gruffydd ab Bleddyn, who was
constantly engaged in feuds with the citizens of Chester. In 1495, a
considerable number of the latter came to Mold fair, and a fray arising
between the hostile parties, great slaughter ensued on both sides; but
Reinallt, who obtained the victory, took the mayor of Chester prisoner,
and conveyed him to his mansion, where he hung him on the staple in
his great hall. To avenge this affront, a party of two hundred men
was despatched from Chester to seize Reinallt, who, retiring from his
house into the adjoining woods, permitted a few of them to enter the
building, when, rushing from his concealment, he blocked up the door,
and, setting fire to the house, destroyed them in the flames; he then
attacked the remainder, whom he pursued with great slaughter; and such
as escaped the sword were drowned in attempting to regain their homes.
The staple on which the mayor was hung still remains fixed on the
ceiling of the lower apartment.


MATERNAL AFFECTION IN A DUMB WOMAN.

Mary, Countess of Orkney, was both deaf and dumb; she was married in
the year 1753, by signs. Shortly after the birth of her first child,
the nurse, with considerable astonishment, saw the mother cautiously
approach the cradle in which the infant was sleeping, evidently full
of some deep design. The Countess, having perfectly assured herself
that the child really slept, raised an immense stone which she had
concealed under her shawl, and, to the horror of the nurse, (who
was an Irishwoman, and like all persons of the lower orders in her
country, and indeed in most countries, was fully impressed with an
idea of the peculiar cunning and malignity of "dumbies,") lifted it
with an apparent intent to fling it down vehemently. Before the nurse
could interpose, the Countess had flung the stone,--not, however, as
the servant had apprehended, at the child, but on the floor, where,
of course, it made a great noise. The child immediately awoke, and
cried. The Countess, who had looked with maternal eagerness to the
result of her experiment, fell on her knees in a transport of joy. She
had discovered that her child possessed the sense which was wanting
in herself. She exhibited on many other occasions similar proofs of
intelligence, but none so interesting.


THE PERILS OF INVENTORS.

The dangers which inventors have frequently to encounter are very
great. Among many instances we may mention the following:--

Mr. Day perished in a diving bell, or diving boat of his own
construction, at Plymouth, in June, 1774, in which he was to have
continued for a wager, twelve hours, one hundred feet deep in water,
and probably, perished from his not possessing all the hydrostatic
knowledge that was necessary. Mr. Spalding was professionally
ingenious in the art of constructing and managing the diving bell,
he had practised the business many years with success. He went down,
accompanied by one of his young men, twice to view the wreck of the
Imperial East Indiaman, at Kish Bank, in Ireland; on descending the
third time, in June, 1783, they remained about an hour under water, and
had two barrels of air sent down to them, but on the signals from below
not being repeated, after a certain time, they were drawn up by their
assistants, and both found dead in the bell.


BRIBERY.

The triumphant exposure and punishments of corrupt bribe-takers on a
grand scale belongs to the close of the seventeenth century. In 1695
Sir John Trevor, the Speaker of the House of Commons, was compelled
to put the question himself that he should be expelled. A bill for
securing the right application to poor orphans of freemen of London of
funds belonging to them could not be carried without purchasing the
support of influential members and of the Speaker himself, at a bribe
for the latter of 1,000 guineas!

Sir Thomas Cook, the governor of the East India Company, paid £167,000
in one year for bribes to members of the House, of which Sir Basil
Firebrace took for his share £40,000. Corruption was universal,
therefore deemed venial.


LEGALISED GAMBLING.

The following statement shows the extent to which lotteries encouraged
a spirit of gambling among the people, and we may hence appreciate the
soundness of the policy which dictated their suppression:--

The _Post Boy_ of December 27, says:--"We are informed that the
Parliamentary Lottery will be fixed in this manner:--150,000 tickets
will be delivered out at 10_l._ each ticket, making in all the sum
of 1,500,000_l._ sterling; the principal whereof is to be sunk, the
Parliament allowing nine per cent. interest for the whole during the
term of 32 years, which interest is to be divided as follows: 3,750
tickets will be prizes from 1,000_l._ to 5_l._ per annum during the
said 32 years; all the other tickets will be blanks, so that there
will be 39 of these to one prize, but then each blank ticket will be
entitled to fourteen shillings a year for the term of 32 years, which
is better than an annuity for life at ten per cent. over and above
the chance of getting a prize." Such was the eagerness of the publick
in subscribing to the above profitable scheme, that Mercers'-hall was
literally crowded, and the Clerks were found incompetent to receive the
influx of names. 600,000_l._ was subscribed January 21; and on the 28th
of February, the sum of 1,500,000_l._ was completed.


ONE OF THE EFFECTS OF MANUFACTURES.

How greatly does the introduction of a manufacturing establishment into
a town where none previously existed, alter its whole character and
condition!

It is said that the burgh of Lanark was, till very recent times, so
poor that the single butcher of the town, who also exercised the
calling of a weaver, in order to fill up his spare time, would never
venture upon the speculation of killing a sheep till every part of
the animal was ordered beforehand. When he felt disposed to engage
in such an enterprise, he usually prevailed upon the minister, the
provost, and the town-council, to take shares; but when no person came
forward to bespeak the fourth quarter, the sheep received a respite
till better times should cast up. The bellman or _skellyman_, as he
is there called, used often to go through the streets of Lanark with
advertisements such as are embodied in the following popular rhyme:--

    "Bell-ell-ell!
     There's a fat sheep to kill!
     A leg for the provost,
         Another for the priest,
     The bailies and deacons,
         They'll tak the neist;
     And if the fourth leg we connot sell,
     The sheep it maun leeve and gae back to the hill!"


PÂTÉS DE FOIES GRAS.

Strasbourg is the great market for _pâtés de foies gras_, made, as it
is known, of the livers of geese. These poor creatures are shut up
in coops, so narrow they cannot turn round in them, and then stuffed
twice a day with Indian corn, to enlarge their livers, which have been
known to swell till they reached the enormous weight of two pounds and
a half. Garlick, steeped in water, is given them, to increase their
appetites. This invention is worthy of the French nation, where cooks
are great as nobles.


INSCRIPTION IN CONWAY CHURCH.

Here lyeth the body of Nicholas Hookes, of Conway, gentleman, (who was
the forty-first child of his father, Wm. Hookes, Esq., by Alice, his
wife,) the father of twenty-seven children, who died the 27th day of
March, 1637.


DROPPING-WELLS.

If you journey through Yorkshire, be sure to stop opposite the ruins
of Knaresborough Castle, because, on the south-west bank of the river
Nidd, you will observe the petrifying spring of Knaresborough,--the
celebrated dropping-well--where the peasants and the needy crowd to
make their humble fortunes by afterwards retailing small sprigs of
trees, such as the elder or ash, or pieces of the elegant geranium, the
wild angelica, or the lovely violet, turned into "obdurate stone."

[Illustration: [++] The Petrifying Spring of Knaresborough.]

Every spring does not possess the petrifying properties of that
of Knaresborough; but there are, doubtless, many dropping-wells
distributed over the earth's crust; and some of these are well known
to possess the property of petrifying various objects submitted to the
action of their waters. For example: we have seen birds' nests, with
the eggs, and delicate sprigs of moss surrounding them, and even the
fibres of wool turned into stone, aye, and delicate flowers. Whence is
this extraordinary power? From the soil over which the waters flow!
The limpid streams absorb the silicious particles, and deposit them in
the intimate structure of the materials submitted to the action of the
waters; and thus we find the materials of which the earth's crust is
composed, always undergoing a change.

Twenty gallons are poured forth every minute from the top of the
Knaresborough cliff, and the beauty of the scene can only be
appreciated by those who have stood upon the margin of those "stony
waters" and beheld the crystal fluid descend from above with metallic
fall.


CHINESE IVORY BALLS.

Nothing can afford a greater proof of the patience and perseverance,
as well as of the taste of a Chinese handicraftsman, than one of these
elegant baubles, each ball being exquisitely carved, and no two alike
in pattern. Each of the balls rolls freely within that which encloses
it, and is visible through apertures; so that however many there be,
the beauties of each can be examined, and the number of the whole
counted. Much time is spent upon the carving of these toys, for the
cleverest artist will employ a whole month in the execution of each
separate ball; consequently the labour of two years is not unfrequently
bestowed on the production of a single toy, which is formed out of a
solid globe of ivory, and has no junction in any part. The outside
of this globe is first carved in some very open pattern, and is then
carefully cut with a sharp, fine instrument, through the openings, till
a complete coating is detached from the solid part inside, as the peel
of an orange might be loosened with a scoop from the fruit, without
being taken off. One hollow ball is thus formed, with a solid one
inside of it. The surface of the inner ball is then carved through the
interstices of the outer one, and when finished, is subjected to the
same operation as the first; and thus a second hollow ball is produced,
still with a solid one of smaller dimensions inside. This process is
repeated again and again, the difficulties increasing as the work
proceeds, till at length only a small ball, of the size of a marble, is
left in the centre, which is also ornamented with figures cut upon it,
and then the ingenious but useless bauble is complete. This process is
said to be performed under water.


CREDULITY OF THE ANCIENTS.

The credulity of even the learned men in the early ages may be judged
of by the following facts:--

Marcus Varro writeth, that there was a town in Spain undermined with
rabbits; another likewise in Thessaly by moles or molewharps. In Africa
the people were compelled by locusts to leave their habitations;
and out of Gyaros, an island, one of the Cyclades, the islanders
were forced by rats and mice to fly away; moreover in Italy the city
of Amyclæ was destroyed by serpents. In Ethiopia there is a great
country lies waste and desert, by reason it was formerly dispeopled
by scorpions; and if it be true that Theophrastus reporteth, the
Treriens were chased away by certain worms called scolopendres.
Annius writes, that an ancient city situate near the Volscian Lake,
and called Contenebra, was in times past overthrown by pismires, and
that the place is thereupon vulgarly called to this day, the Camp of
Ants. In Media, saith Diodorus Siculus, there was such an infinite
number of sparrows that eat up and devoured the seed which was cast
into the ground, so that men were constrained to depart from their old
habitations, and remove to other places.


CLOCK PRESENTED TO CHARLEMAGNE.

The French historians describe a clock sent to Charlemagne in the
year 807, by the famous eastern caliph, Haroun al Raschid, which was
evidently furnished with some kind of wheelwork, although the moving
power appears to have been produced by the fall of water. This clock
was a rather wonderful affair, and excited a great deal of attention
at the French court. In the dial of it were twelve small doors forming
the divisions for the hours, each door opened at the hour marked by the
index, and let out small brass balls, which, falling on a bell, struck
the hours--a great novelty at that time. The doors continued open
until the hour of twelve, when twelve figures representing knights on
horseback came out and paraded round the dial plate.


REMARKABLE EVENTS, INVENTIONS, &c.

Memnon, the Egyptian, invents the letters, in the year 1822, _before_
Christ.

The Alexandrian library, consisting of 400,000 valuable books, burnt by
accident, B. C. 52.

Silk first brought from India, 274: the manufactory of it introduced
into Europe by some monks, 551: first worn by the clergy in England, in
1534.

Glass invented in England by Benalt, a monk, A. C. 400.

The University of Cambridge founded A. C. 915.

Paper made of cotton rags was in use, 1000; that of linen rags in 1170:
the manufactory introduced into England, at Dartford, 1588.

Musical notes invented, 1070.

Justices of the Peace first appointed in England in 1076.

Doomsday-book began to be compiled by order of William, from a survey
of all the estates in England (and finished in 1086), 1080.

Glass windows began to be used in private houses in England in 1186.

Surnames now began to be used, first among the nobility, in 1200.

The houses of London and other cities in England, France, and Germany,
still thatched with straw in 1233.

Tallow candles so great a luxury, that splinters of wood were used for
lights, 1298.

Wine sold by apothecaries as a cordial, 1298.

Gunpowder and guns first invented by Swartz, a monk of Cologn, 1340;
Edward 3rd had four pieces of cannon, which contributed to gain him the
battle of Cressy, 1346; bombs and mortars were invented in the same
year.

Cards invented in France for the king's amusement in 1391.

Windsor Castle built by Edward 3rd, 1386.

Guildhall, London, built 1410.

About 1430, Laurentius, of Haarlem, invented the art of Printing,
which he practised with separate wooden types. Guttenburg afterwards
invented cut metal types: but the art was carried to perfection
by Peter Schoeffer, who invented the mode of casting the types in
matrices. Frederick Corsellis began to print at Oxford, in 1468, with
wooden types; but it was William Caxton who introduced into England the
art of printing with fusile types, in 1474.

Shillings first coined in England, 1505.

Silk stockings first worn by the French King, 1543; first worn in
England by Queen Elizabeth in 1561.

Tobacco first brought from Virginia into England, 1583.

Watches first brought into England from Germany, in 1597.

Regular Posts established from London to Scotland, Ireland, &c., 1635.

The Plague rages in London, and carries off 68,000 persons, 1665.

The great fire of London began, September 2nd, and continued three
days, in which were destroyed 13,000 houses, and 400 streets, 1666.

Tea first used in England, 1666.

The Habeas Corpus act passed, 1678.

William Penn, a Quaker, receives a charter for planting Pennsylvania,
1680.

Bank of England established by King William 1693.

The first public Lottery was drawn same year.

The first British Parliament, 1707.

The Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, rebuilt by Sir Christopher
Wren, in 37 years, at one million expense, by a duty on coals, 1710.

Westminster Bridge, consisting of 15 arches, begun 1738, finished in
1750, at the expense of 389,000_l._, defrayed by parliament.

Commodore Anson returns from his voyage round the world, 1774.

The British Museum erected at Montagu House, 1753.

149 Englishmen are confined in the black-hole at Calcutta, in the East
Indies, by order of the Nabob, and 123 found dead next morning, 1755.


LEGENDS AMONG SAVAGE NATIONS.

It is curious to note how savages endeavour to account for the
prodigies of nature. In the island of Samoa, one of the Sandwich group,
there is the following legend.

Mafuie is their god of earthquakes, who was deemed to possess great
power, but has, according to the Samoans, lost much of it. The way in
which they say this occurred is as follows:--One Talago, who possessed
a charm capable of causing the earth to divide, coming to a well-known
spot, cried, "Rock, divide! I am Talago; come to work!" The earth
separating at his command, he went down to cultivate his taro patch.
His son, whose name was Tiitii, became acquainted with the charm, and
watching his father, saw him descend, and the earth close after him. At
the same spot, Tiitii said, "Rock, divide! I am Talago; come to work!"
The rock did not open, but on repeating the words and stamping his foot
violently, the earth separated, and he descended. Being a young man,
he made a great noise and bustle, notwithstanding the advice of his
father to be quiet, lest Mafuie would hear him. The son then asked,
"Who is Mafuie, that I should be afraid of him?" Observing smoke at
a distance, he inquired the cause of it. Talago said, "It is Mafuie
heating his oven." Tiitii determined to go and see, notwithstanding
all the persuasions of his father, and met Mafuie, who inquired who he
was, "Are you a planter of taro, a builder, or a twister of ropes?" "I
am a twister of ropes," said Tiitii; "give me your arm, and I shall
show you." So, taking the arm of Mafuie, he twisted it off in a moment.
Such a practical illustration of his powers soon made Mafuie cry out,
"Na fia ola, na fia ola!"--I desire to live, I desire to live! Tiitii
then took pity upon him, and let him go. The natives, on feeling an
earthquake, exclaim, "Thanks that Mafuie has but one arm! if he had
two, he would shake the earth to pieces."


ORIGIN OF THE WORD LADY.

It was the custom at the time of the Plantagenets, and previously, for
ladies of distinction and wealth regularly to distribute money or food
to the poor. The title of _lady_, is derived from the Anglo-Saxon, and
literally signifies _giver of bread_. The purse, with similar meaning,
was named as a receptacle for _alms_, and not as an invention for the
preservation of money.


ANECDOTES IN SERMONS.

The fashion which once prevailed of introducing historical anecdotes
into addresses from the pulpit, is illustrated by the following extract
from a sermon by the Martyr Bishop Ridley:--

Cambyses was a great emperor, such another as our master is; he had
many lord-deputies, lord-presidents, and lieutenants under him. It is
a great while ago since I read the history. It chanced he had under
him, in one of his dominions, a briber, a gift-taker, a gratifier of
rich men; he followed gifts as fast as he that followed the pudding,
a hand-maker in his office, to make his son a great man; as the old
saying is, "Happy is the child whose father goeth to the devil." The
cry of the poor widow came to the emperor's ear, and caused him to flay
the judge quick, and laid his skin in his chair of judgment, that all
judges that should give judgment afterward should sit in the same skin.
Surely it was a goodly sign, a goodly monument, the sign of the judge's
skin: I pray God we may once see the sign of the skin in England.


STATE OF LONDON IN 1756.

The state of the police regulations in the metropolis at the above
date, is exhibited in the following extract from an old magazine:--

"At one o'clock this morning (Oct. 4, 1756), the Hon. Captain Brudenel
was stopped in his chair, just as it entered Berkeley-square, from
the Hay-hill, by two fellows with pistols, who demanded his money; he
gave them five-sixpences, telling them he had no more, which having
taken, they immediately made off. The captain then put his purse and
watch under the cushion, got out, drew his sword, and being followed
by one of the chairmen with his pole, and the watchman, pursued them
up the hill, where the Hon. Captain West, who was walking, having
joined them, one of the fellows having got off, they followed the other
into Albemarle-mews, where finding himself closely beset, he drew a
pistol, and presented it, upon which the captain made a lunge at him,
and ran him through the body. The fellow at the same time fired his
pistol, which, the captain being still stooping, went over his head
and shot the watchman through the lungs; at the instant the pistol was
discharged, while the fellow's arm was extended, the chairman struck
it with his pole and broke it; he was then seized and carried with
the watchman to the round-house in Dover-street, where Mr. Bromfield
and Mr. Gataker, two eminent surgeons, came; but the captain would
not suffer the villain to be dressed, till he discovered who he and
his confederates were; when he acknowledged they were both grenadiers
in Lord Howe's company. The poor watchman died in half an hour after
he was shot; and the soldier was so disabled by his wound that he was
carried in a chair to Justice Fielding, who sent him to New Prison,
where he died."


FROM A HANDBILL OF BARTHOLOMEW FAIR IN 1700.

The following extract is worth notice, inasmuch as it shows that in the
matter of amusement, the tastes of the lower orders of the present day
are not much improved since the last century:--

"You will see a wonderful girl of ten years of age, who walks backwards
up the sloping rope driving a wheelbarrow behind her; also you will see
the great Italian Master, who not only passes all that has yet been
seen upon the low rope, but he dances without a pole upon the head of a
mast as high as the booth will permit, and afterwards stands upon his
head on the same. You will be also entertained with the merry conceits
of an Italian scaramouch, who dances on the rope with two children and
a dog in a wheelbarrow, and a duck on his head."


PASSAGE THROUGH THE ISTHMUS OF PANAMA SUGGESTED THREE HUNDRED TEARS AGO.

_Ancient Globe._--In the Town Library (_Stadt Bibliothek_) of Nuremberg
is preserved an interesting globe made by John Schoner, professor of
mathematics in the Gymnasium there, A.D. 1520. It is very remarkable
that the passage through the Isthmus of Panama, so much sought after in
later times, is, on this old globe, carefully delineated.


HEIGHT OF MOUNTAINS.

The perpendicular height of Snowdon is, by late admeasurements, 1,190
yards above the level of the sea. This makes it, according to Pennant,
240 yards higher than Cader Idris. Some state Whernside, in Yorkshire
to be the highest mountain in South Britain, and more than 4,000 feet.
Helvellyn is 3,324 feet, Ben Lomond 3,262. Mont Blanc rises 15,680
feet; the American Chimborazo is 20,909 feet, the highest ground ever
trodden by man; and the mountains of Thibet above 25,000 feet, the
highest at present known.


INTRODUCTION OF THE WEEPING WILLOW INTO ENGLAND.

The _Salix Babylonica_, that is the Willow of Babylon, or our English
weeping Willow, is a native of the Levant, the coast of Persia,
and other places in the East. The manner of its introduction into
England is curious; the account is as follows: Pope, the celebrated
poet, having received a present of Turkey figs, observed a twig of
the basket, in which they were packed, putting out a shoot. The twig
he planted in his garden: it soon became a fine tree, and from this
stock, all our weeping Willows have descended. This species of Willow
is generally planted by a still pool, to which it is a beautiful
appropriate ornament; and when in misty weather, drops of water are
seen distilling from the extremities of its branches, nothing can be
more descriptive than the title it has obtained of _the weeping Willow_.


FINE FOR INSULTING A KING.

The use of gold and silver was not unknown to the Welsh in 842, when
their laws were collected. The man who dared to insult the King of
Aberfraw, was to pay (besides certain cows and a silver rod) a cup,
which would hold as much wine as his majesty could swallow at a
draught; its cover was to be as broad as the king's face; and the whole
as thick as a goose's egg, or a ploughman's thumb-nail.


CARRONADES.

This species of great gun, so much used on board of ships, is generally
accounted a modern invention, taking its name from the Carron foundry
where they were made. In the patent office, however, will be found
a notice dated September, 1727, to the following effect: "That his
Majesty was pleased to grant to Henry Brown, Esquire, a patent for the
sole use and benefit of his new invention of making cannon and great
guns, both in iron and brass, which will be much shorter and lighter,
and with less powder will carry farther than those of equal bore now in
use, and which, it is said, will save great expense to the public."


EXTRAVAGANCE AT ELECTIONS.

On the death of Sir James Lowther, his son William stood for the shire
of Cumberland, and entertained 3,650 gentlemen freeholders at a dinner,
at which were consumed 768 gallons of wine, 1,454 gallons of ale, and
5,814 bottles of punch. Sir James appears to have been eccentric in
some of his habits, for after his decease £30,000 in bank notes were
discovered in a closet, and £10,000 in the sleeve of an old coat.


MARTIN LUTHER'S TANKARD.

This interesting relic of the great Reformer is of ivory, very richly
carved, and mounted in silver gilt. There are six medallions on its
surface, which consist, however, of a repetition of two subjects. The
upper one represents the agony in the garden, and the Saviour praying
that the cup might pass from Him; the base represents the Lord's
Supper, the centre dish being the incarnation of the bread. This
tankard, now in the possession of Lord Londesborough, was formerly in
the collection of Elkington of Birmingham, who had some copies of it
made. On the lid, in old characters, is the following inscription--"C.
M. L., MDXXIIII." This drinking vessel, which, independent of its
artistic merit, was no doubt highly valued as a mere household
possession, brings to mind many recollections of the life of him who
raised himself from a very lowly position to one of great power and
usefulness.

[Illustration: [++] Martin Luther's Tankard.]

Martin Luther, who was the son of John Lotter or Lauther (which name
our Reformer afterwards changed to Luther) and Margaret Lindenen, was
born in the little town of Islebern, in Saxony, on November 10th,
1483. His father was a miner. Luther died in 1546, and princes, earls,
nobles, and students without number, attended the funeral of the
miner's son in the church of Islebern. On this occasion, Melancthon
delivered the funeral oration.


HOT CROSS BUNS.

How strange the following reads from an old journal! and how odd the
state of things to give rise to such an intimation!

                  1793.
          _Wednesday, 27th March._
  ROYAL BUN HOUSE, CHELSEA, GOOD FRIDAY.
              _No Cross Buns._

Mrs. Hand respectfully informs her friends, and the public, that in
consequence of the great concourse of people which assembled before her
house at a very early hour, on the morning of Good Friday; by which her
neighbours (with whom she has always lived in friendship and repute,)
have been much alarmed and annoyed; it having also been intimated, that
to encourage or countenance a tumultuous assembly at this particular
period, might be attended with consequences more serious than have
hitherto been apprehended; desirous, therefore, of testifying her
regard and obedience to those laws by which she is happily protected,
she is determined, though much to her loss, not to sell _Cross Buns_ on
that day, to any person whatever; but Chelsea Buns as usual.

Mrs. Hand would be wanting in gratitude to a generous public, who, for
more than fifty years past, have so warmly patronized and encouraged
her shop, to omit so favourable an opportunity of offering her sincere
acknowledgments for their favours; at the same time, to assure them she
will, to the utmost of her power, endeavour to merit a continuance of
them.


LOCUSTS.

The locusts are remarkable for the hieroglyphic that they bear upon the
forehead. Their colour is green throughout the whole body, excepting a
little yellow rim that surrounds their head, and which is lost at the
eyes. This insect has two upper wings, pretty solid. They are green,
like the rest of the body, except that there is in each a little white
spot. The locust keeps them extended like great sails of a ship going
before the wind. It has besides two other wings underneath the former,
and which resemble a light transparent stuff pretty much like a cobweb,
and which it makes use of in the manner of smack sails, that are along
a vessel. But when the locust reposes herself, she does like a vessel
that lies at anchor; for she keeps the second sails furled under the
others.


QUEEN ELIZABETH'S LAWS.

The following extract from a very old book is truly curious:--

"Queene Elizabeth, in the xiiii and xviii yeres of hir gracious rayne,
two Actes were made for ydle vagrante and maisterlesse persons, that
vsed to loyter, and would not worke, should for the first offence
haue a hole burned through the gristle of one of his eares of an
ynch compasse. And for the second offence committed therein, to be
hanged. If these and such lyke lawes were executed iustlye, treulye,
and severelye (as they ought to be,) without any respect of persons,
favour, or friendshippe, this dung and filth of ydlenesse woulde
easily be reiected and cast oute of thys Commonwealth, there woulde
not be so many loytering ydle persons, so many Ruffians, Blasphemers,
Swinge-Buckelers, so many Drunkards, Tossepottes, Dauncers, Fydlers,
and Minstrels, Dice-players, and Maskers, Fencers, Theeves,
Enterlude-players, Cut-purses, Cosiners, Maisterlesse Seruantes,
Jugglers, Roges, sturdye Beggars, counterfaite Egyptians, &c., as there
are, nor yet so manye Plagues to bee amongst vs as there are, if these
Dunghilles and filthe in Commonweales were remooued, looked into, and
cleane caste oute, by the industrie, payne, and trauell of those that
are sette in authoritie, and haue gouernment."--"_A Treatise against
Dicing, Dauncing, Vaine playes or Enterluds._" _Black Letter; no date._


THE INVENTION OF TYPES.

The honour of the invention of movable types has been disputed by
two cities, Haarlem and Mentz. The claims of Haarlem rest chiefly
upon a statement of Hadrien Junius, who gave it upon the testimony
of Cornelius, alleged to be a servant of Lawrence Coster, for whom
the invention is claimed. The claims of Mentz, which appear to be
more conclusive, are in favour of Peter Schæffer, the assistant and
son-in-law of John Faust, better known as Dr. Faustus. The first
edition of the _Speculum humanæ salvationis_ was printed by Coster at
Haarlem, about the year 1440, and is one of the earliest productions of
the press of which the printer is known. The celebrated Bible, commonly
known as the Mentz Bible, without date, is the first important specimen
of printing with moveable metal types. This was executed by Gutenberg
and Faust, or Fust, as it is sometimes spelt, between the years 1450
and 1455. The secret of the method then becoming known, presses were
speedily established in all parts of Europe, so that before the year
1500 there were printing-offices in upwards of 220 different places in
Austria, Bavaria, Bohemia, Calabria, the Cremonese, Denmark, England,
Flanders, France, Franconia, Frioul, Geneva, Genoa, Germany, Holland,
Hungary, Italy, Lombardy, Mecklenburg, Moravia, Naples, the Palatinate,
Piedmont, Poland, Portugal, Rome, Sardinia, Upper and Lower Saxony,
Sicily, Silesia, Spain, Suabia, Switzerland, Thessalonica, Turkey,
Tuscany, the Tyrol, Venice, Verona, Westphalia, Wurtemberg, &c.

This vast and rapid extension of the art, combined with the skill which
the earlier printers displayed in it, seems to be totally incompatible
with the date assigned to the invention, and it is more than probable,
that the art having been long practised in private under continued
attempts at secrecy, it at length broke into publicity after it had
already attained a considerable degree of perfection.


THE PROTEUS ANGUINUS.

It has been satisfactorily proved that the polypus cannot see its
prey, but is only aware of its presence by the actual agitation of
the water, from its remaining altogether passive when a thin piece
of glass is interposed between them. There are many Monads, which,
without possessing any trace of an eye, are yet susceptible of light.
An equally extraordinary phenomenon presents itself in the Proteus
Anguinus. This singular animal is found in the subterranean lakes of
the interminable stalactital caverns in the limestone range of the
Carniolan Alps, where the author saw it. In appearance it is between a
fish and a lizard; it is of a flesh-colour, and its respiratory organs,
which are connected with lungs, so as to enable it to breathe above or
below the water, form a red crest round the throat, like a cock's comb.
It has no eyes, but small points in the place of them, and light is so
obnoxious to it, that it uses every effort to exclude it, by thrusting
its head under stones. It is reported also to exist in Sicily, but is
known nowhere else.


BUMPER.

[Illustration: [++] A Bumper.]

The jolly toper is so fond of the thing we call a _bumper_, that he
troubles not himself about the name, and so long as the liquor is but
fine and clear, cares not a farthing in how deep an obscurity the
etymology is involved. The sober antiquarian, on the contrary, being
prone to etymology, contemplates the sparkling contents of a full glass
with much less delight than he does the meaning, the occasion, and the
original of the name. The common opinion is, that the _bumper_ took
its name from the _grace-cup_; our Roman Catholic ancestors, say they,
after their meals, always drinking the Pope's health in this form, _au
bon Pere_. But there are great objections to this; the Pope was not the
_bon Pere_, but the _Saint Pere_; amongst the elder inhabitants of this
kingdom, the attribute of sanctity being in a manner appropriated to
the Pope of Rome, and his see. Again, the grace-cup, which went round
of course, after every repast, did not imply anything extraordinary,
or a full glass. Drinking-glasses were not in use at the time here
supposed, for the grace-cup was a large vessel, proportioned to the
number of the society, which went round the table, the guests drinking
out of one cup, one after another.


COFFEE.

From a number of the "_Public Advertiser_," of May 19 to May 26, 1657,
we have 'In Bartholomew-lane, on the back side of the Old Exchange, the
drink called _Coffee_ is advertised as to be sold _in the morning_, and
at _three of the clock_ in the afternoon.'


QUAINT RECEIPTS.

The following Receipts are taken from a work entitled, "_New
Curiosities_ in _Art_ and _Nature_, or a _Collection_ of the most
valuable _Secrets_ in all _Arts_ and _Sciences_. Composed and
Experimented by Sieur Lemery, Apothecary to the French King. London:
John King, Little Britain. 1711."

_To make one Wake or Sleep._--You must cut off dexterously the head of
a toad alive, and at once, and let it dry, in observing that one eye be
shut, and the other open; that which is found open makes one wake, and
that shut causes sleep, by carrying it about one.

_Preservative against the Plague._--Take three or four great toads,
seven or eight spiders, and as many scorpions, put them into a pot well
stopp'd, and let them lye some time; then add virgin-wax, make a good
fire till all become a liquor, then mingle them all with a spatula, and
make an ointment, and put it into a silver box well stopp'd, the which
carry about you, being well assured that while you carry it about you,
you will never be infected with the plague.

We give the above as indicating the delusions which prevailed with
respect to certain nostrums as late as the year 1711.


EXECUTION OF GOVERNOR WALL IN 1802.

As the following account, by a gentleman who witnessed the scene,
avoids all disgusting details, we give it as containing a description
of some of the circumstances which attended the execution, at the
commencement of the present century, of a criminal of the higher class.
The wretched man was hung for murder and barbarity: his victims were
the men he had under his charge as Governor of the Island of Goree:--

"As we crossed the Press-yard, a cock crew; and the solitary clanking
of a restless chain was dreadfully horrible.

"The prisoner entered. He was death's counterfeit, tall, shrivelled,
and pale; and his soul shot so piercingly through the port-holes of
his head that the first glance of him nearly petrified me. I said in
my heart, putting my pencil in my pocket, God forbid that I should
disturb thy last moments! His hands were clasped, and he was truly
penitent. After the yeoman had requested him to stand up, 'he pinioned
him,' as the Newgate phrase is, and tied the cord with so little
feeling that the governor, who had not given the wretch the accustomed
fee, observed 'You have tied me very tight;' upon which Dr. Ford,
the chaplain, ordered him to slacken the cord, which he did, but not
without muttering, 'Thank you, sir,' said the governor to the doctor:
'it is of little moment.' He then observed to the attendant, who had
brought in an immense iron shovel-full of coals to throw on the fire,
'Ay, in one hour that will be a blazing fire,' then turning to the
doctor, questioned him: 'Do tell me, sir: I am informed I shall go down
with great force; is it so?' After the construction and action of the
machine had been explained, the doctor questioned the governor as to
what kind of men he had at Goree:--'Sir,' he answered, 'they sent me
the very riff-raff.' The poor soul then joined the doctor in prayer;
and never did I witness more contrition at any condemned sermon than he
then evinced.

"The sheriff arrived, attended by his officers, to receive the prisoner
from the keeper. A new hat was then partly flattened on his head,
for owing to its being too small in the crown, it stood many inches
too high behind. As we were crossing the Press Yard, the dreadful
execrations of some of the felons so shook his frame that he observed,
the clock had struck; and quickening his pace, he soon arrived at the
room where the sheriff was to give a receipt for his body, according to
the usual custom. Owing, however, to some informality in the wording of
this receipt, he was not brought out as soon as the multitude expected;
and it was this delay which occasioned a partial exultation from those
who betted as to a reprieve, and not from any pleasure in seeing him
executed.

"After the execution, as soon as I was permitted to leave the prison,
I found the Yeoman selling the rope with which the malefactor had
been suspended, at a shilling an inch; and no sooner had I entered
Newgate-street, than a lath of a fellow, passed threescore years
and ten, who had just arrived from the purlieus of Black Boy Alley,
woe-begone as _Romeo's_ apothecary, exclaimed, 'Here is the identical
rope at sixpence an inch.'"


STAGE-COACH IN 1760.

_Ayscough's Nottingham Courant_ of this date, contained the following
advertisement:--The flying machines on steel springs set off from the
Swan with Two Necks Inn, Lad-lane, London, and from the Angel Inn in
Sheffield, every Monday and Thursday morning at five o'clock, and lies
the first night from London at the Angel Inn in Northampton, the second
at the Blackmoor's Head Inn, Nottingham, and the third at Sheffield.
Each passenger to pay 1_l._ 17_s._, and to be allowed fourteen pounds
of luggage. Performed (if God permit) by John Hanforth and Samuel
Glanville.


BLIND WORKMAN.

A young man, in Greenock, of the name of Kid, who was blind from his
infancy, finished the model of a sixty-four gun ship, of about five
feet keel, planked from the keel, with carriages for the guns, and
every necessary material and apparelling of a ship of that rate,
without any assistance whatever, or other instrument than a small knife
and hammer.


SPORTS OF THE LOWER CLASSES IN 1749.

The following handbill is curious, on account of the light it sheds on
what was considered attractive to the million a hundred years ago:--

"_According to Law. September 22, 1749._ On Wednesday next, the 27th
inst., will be run for by _Asses_ (!!) in _Tothill Fields_, a purse
of gold, not exceeding the value of Fifty Pounds. The first will be
entitled to the gold; the second to two pads; the third to thirteen
pence half-penny; the last to a halter fit for the neck of any ass in
Europe. Each ass must be subject to the following articles:--

"No person will be allowed to run but _Taylors_ and _Chimney-sweepers_;
the former to have a cabbage-leaf fixed in his hat, the latter a
plumage of white feathers; the one to use nothing but his yard-wand,
and the other a brush.

"No jockey-tricks will be allowed upon any consideration.

"No one to strike an ass but the rider, lest he thereby cause a
retrograde motion, under a penalty of being ducked three times in the
river.

"No ass will be allowed to start above thirty years old, or under ten
months, nor any that has won above the value of fifty pounds.

"No ass to run that has been six months in training, particularly above
stairs, lest the same accident happen to it that did to one nigh a town
ten miles from London, and that for reasons well known to that place.

"Each ass to pay sixpence entrance, three farthings of which are to be
given to the old clerk of the race, for his due care and attendance.

"Every ass to carry weight for inches, if thought proper."

Then follow a variety of sports, with "an ordinary of _proper
victuals_, particularly for the riders, if desired."

"_Run, lads, run! there's rare sport in Tothill Fields!_"


STATE COACH AT THE PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT IN 1796.

Never was a greater assemblage of persons collected together than on
this occasion: in the Park and in Parliament-street there were at least
20,000 people. By the repair of the state coach, which has undergone
several material alterations since the damage it received at the
opening of the last session, the king is now secluded from the sight.
Hitherto, the upper pannels of it had always been of glass, so that
the multitude could see the king in all directions, through the front,
through the sides, as well as through the windows in the doors: it has
been newly glazed, and the whole of the carriage is lined with sheet
copper, musket proof; between the crimson lining of the carriage is a
wadding of fine wool, coated with buffalo skin, the nature of which is
so close that no bullets can penetrate it.


HISTORICAL ANECDOTE.

On the dollars, stivers, &c., coined at the town of Dordrecht in
Holland, is the figure of a milk-maid sitting under her cow, which
figure is also exhibited in relievo on the water-gate of the place. The
occasion was as follows: In the noble struggle of the United Provinces
for their liberties, the Spaniards detached a body of forces from the
main army, with the view of surprising Dordrecht. Certain milkmaids,
belonging to a rich farmer in the vicinity of the town, perceived as
they were going to milk, some soldiers concealed under the hedges.
They had the presence of mind to pursue their occupation without any
symptoms of alarm. On their return home they informed their master of
what they had seen, who gave information to the Burgomaster, and the
sluices were let loose, by which great numbers of the Spaniards were
drowned, and the expedition defeated. The States ordered the farmer a
handsome revenue for the loss he sustained by the overflowing of his
lands, rewarded the women, and perpetuated the event in the manner
described.


TOMB OF JOHN BUNYAN.

"Who has not read the "Pilgrim's Progress," "that wonderful book,"
writes Mr. Macaulay, "which, while it obtains admiration from the most
fastidious critics, is loved by those who are too simple to admire it?"
We can remember our own delight on reading, for the first time, the
precious volume. This was in the days of our childhood, when we were
deeply imbued with the fairy lore which at that time was so plentifully
supplied, and so eagerly devoured.

John Bunyan was buried in Bunhill Fields burying-ground, City-road; and
the tablet on his tomb, which the engraving very correctly represents
is as follows:--"Mr. John Bunyan, author of the 'Pilgrim's Progress,'
ob. 12 Aust. 1688, æt. 60." Formerly there were also the following
lines:--

    "The Pilgrim's Progress now is finished.
     And death has laid him in his earthly bed."

[Illustration: [++] Tomb of John Bunyan.]

Bunhill Fields burying-ground was opened as a suburban cemetery
in 1665, in the time of the great plague, and was a favourite
burying-place with the Dissenters. Here are buried Daniel Defoe; Dr.
Isaac Watts; Joseph Ritson the antiquary; Dr. Thomas Goodwin, the
chaplain who attended Cromwell's death-bed; George Fox, the founder
of the Quakers; the mother of John Wesley; Lieut.-General Fleetwood,
son-in-law of Oliver Cromwell; Thomas Stothard, R.A., and other eminent
men.


SPIDERS FOND OF MUSIC.

Spiders hear with great acuteness, and it is affirmed that they are
attracted by music. Disjonval relates the instance of a spider which
used to place itself on the ceiling of a room over the spot where a
lady played the harp, and which followed her if she removed to another
part; and he also says that the celebrated violinist Berthome, when a
boy, saw a spider habitually approach him as soon as he began to play,
and which eventually became so familiar that it would fix itself on his
desk, and on his arm. Bettina noticed the same effect with a guitar, on
a spider which accidentally crossed over it as she was playing.


BREAKFASTING HUT IN 1745.

This quaint announcement, in a handbill of the time, shows how cheaply
those who lived a century or so past could enjoy suburban pleasures in
merrie Islington:--

"This is to give notice to all Ladies and Gentlemen, at Spencer's
original Breakfasting-Hut, between Sir Hugh Middleton's Head and St.
John Street Road, by the New River side, fronting Sadler's Wells, may
be had every morning, except Sundays, fine tea, sugar, bread, butter,
and milk, at fourpence per head; coffee at threepence a dish. And in
the afternoon, tea, sugar, and milk, at threepence per head, with good
attendance. Coaches may come up to the farthest garden-door next to the
bridge in St. John Street Road, near Sadler's Wells back gate.--_Note._
Ladies, &c., are desired to take notice that there is another person
set up in opposition to me, the next door, which is a brick-house,
and faces the little gate by the Sir Hugh Middleton's, and therefore
mistaken for mine; but mine is the _little boarded place_ by the river
side, and my backdoor faces the same as usual; for

    I am not dead, I am not gone,
      Nor liquors do I sell;
    But, as at first, I still go on,
      Ladies, to use you well.

    No passage to my hut I have,
      The river runs before;
    Therefore your care I humbly crave,
      Pray don't mistake my door.

    "Yours to serve,
              S. SPENCER."


SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION.

In Leroux's Journal de Medicine, is an account of a very fat woman,
twenty-eight years of age, who was found on fire in her chamber, where
nothing else was burning. The neighbours heard a noise of something
like frying, and when the body was removed it left a layer of black
grease. The doctor conceives that the combustion began in the internal
parts, and that the clothes were burnt secondarily.


MOTHER MAPP THE BONE-SETTER.

She was the daughter of a man named Wallis, a bone-setter at Hindon, in
Wiltshire, and sister to the celebrated "Polly Peachem," who married
the Duke of Bolton. Upon some _family quarrel_, Sally Wallis left
her professional parent, and wandered up and down the country in a
miserable manner, calling herself "Crazy Sally," and pursuing, in her
perambulations, a course that fairly justified the title. Arriving at
last at Epsom, she succeeded in humbugging the worthy bumkins of that
place, so decidedly, that a subscription was set on foot to keep her
among them; but her fame extending to the metropolis, the dupes of
London, a numerous class then as well as now, thought it no trouble
to go ten miles to see the conjuror, till at length, she was pleased
to bless the afflicted of London with her presence, and once a week
drove to the Grecian Coffee-house, in a coach and six with out-riders!
and all the appearance of nobility. It was in one of these journeys,
passing through Kent-street, in the Borough, that being taken for a
certain woman of quality from the Electorate in Germany, a great mob
followed and bestowed on her many bitter reproaches, till Madame,
perceiving some mistake, looked out of the window, and accosted them in
this gentle manner, "Confound you, don't you know me? I am Mrs. Mapp,
the _bone-setter_!" upon which, they instantly changed their revilings
into loud huzzas.


TWO CERTIFICATES OF GRETNA-GREEN MARRIAGES AT DIFFERENT DATES.

"This is to sartfay all persons that my be consernid, that A B from the
parish of C in the County of D and E F from the parish of G and in the
county of H and both comes before me and declayred themseless both to
be single persons, and now mayried by the form of the Kirk of Scotland,
and agreible to the Church of England, and givine ondre my hand, this
18{th} day of March 1793."

  "Kingdom of Scotland
  "County of Dumfries
  "Parish of Gretna

"These are to certify, to all whom it may concern, that John N....
from the parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, and Rosa H.... from
the Parish of St. Maries in the County of Nottingham, being both here
now present and having declared to me that they are single persons,
but have now been married conformable to the Laws of the Church of
England, and agreeable to the Kirk of Scotland. As witness our hands at
Springfield this 4th day of October 1822.

  "Witness                  "Witness me.
    Jane Rae                  David Lang.
    John Ainslie."            John N....
                              Rosa H...."


THE WOMEN OF ENGLAND.

The women here are generally more handsome than in other places,
sufficiently endowed with natural beauties, without the addition of
adulterate sophistications. In an absolute woman, say the Italians,
are required the parts of a Dutch woman, from the girdle downwards; of
a French woman, from the girdle to the shoulders: over which must be
placed an English face. As their beauties, so also their prerogatives
are greater than any nation; neither so servilely submissive as the
French, nor so jealously guarded as the Italians; but keeping so true a
decorum, that as England is termed the Pergatorie of Servants, and the
Hell of Horses, so is it acknowledged the _Paradise_ of _Women_. And it
is a common by-word amongst the Italians, that _if there were a bridge
built across the narrow seas, all the women in Europe would run into
England_. For here they have the upper hand in the streets, the upper
place at the table, the thirds of their husband's estates, and their
equal share of all lands; privileges with which other women are not
acquainted. They were in high esteem in former times amongst foreign
nations, for the modestie and gravitie of their conversation; but of
late so much addicted to the light garb of the French, that they have
lost much of their ancient honour and reputation amongst knowing and
more sober men of foreign countries who before admired them.--_Peter
Heylin's Cosmographie_, 1652.


PRICES FOR SEATS AT CORONATIONS.

On consulting Stowe, Speed, and other antiquaries, it appears that the
price of a good place at the coronation of William the Conqueror was
a _blank_; and probably the same at that of his son William Rufus. At
that of Henry I. it was a _crocard_, and at King Stephen's and Henry
the Second's a _pillard_. At King Richard's and King John's, it was a
_fuskin_; and rose at Henry the Third's to a _dodkin_. In the reign of
Edward I. the coins began to be more intelligible; and we find that for
seeing his coronation a Q was given, or the half of a _ferling_, or
farthing, which was, as now, the fourth part of a _sterling_, or penny.
At the coronation of Edward II. it was a farthing; and at that of
Edward III. a halfpenny, which was very generally given. In the reign
of Richard II. it was a penny, and continued the same at that of Henry
IV. But at that of Henry V. it was two pennies, or half of a _grossus_,
or groat; and the same at that of Henry VI. and of Edward IV.; nor do
we find it raised at the coronation of Richard III. or that of Henry
VII.

At that of Henry VIII. it was the whole _grossus_, or groat, nor was
the price altered at those of Edward VI. and Queen Mary; but at Queen
Elizabeth's it was a _teston_, _tester_, or sixpence. At those of James
I. and Charles I. a shilling was given; which sum was advanced to half
a crown at the coronations of Charles and James II. At King William's
and Queen Anne's, it was a crown; and at George the First's the show
was seen by many at the same price.

At the coronation of George II. some gave half a guinea; but at that
of George III. and Queen Charlotte, anno 1761, curiosity seems to
have risen to an amazing height. On this occasion the price given for
single seats were almost incredible; in some houses ten guineas, and
in ordinary houses five guineas. Great and universal anxiety prevailed
to see this grand spectacle, from the reflection how improbable
it was that many who were there could ever have an opportunity of
witnessing the like again. As an instance of this extreme anxiety, it
is confidently related, that a gentleman was prevailed on to take a
room for his lady, at the price of one hundred and forty guineas; but
the appointment of the solemnity of the coronation falling unluckily at
the exact time when she expected to be delivered, she actually further
prevailed on her husband to let a skilful man-midwife, nurse, &c.,
attend her, and to hire another room, lest the hurry of the day should
bring on her labour, when it might be impossible for her to be removed
without endangering her life.


ANCIENT HOUSE AT BLACKWALL--SAID TO BE THE RESIDENCE OF SIR WALTER
RALEIGH.

The house shown in the engraving is interesting from two causes; first,
that it was the house in which Sir Walter Raleigh smoked his first
pipe of tobacco in England, and secondly, that it is one of the few
relics remaining of those picturesque old houses of the days of Queen
Bess. The house is built of strongly framed timber, which, in recent
years, has been plastered over; and the carved heads that ornament the
gables, and which are good both in design and execution, show that this
house is at least 350 years old.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient House at Blackwall.]

At the present time a tavern has been built between this house and
the river. Formerly, however, there was, no doubt, a trimmed garden
and terrace towards the Thames, from which the inhabitants may have
watched the progress of Queen Elizabeth from the Tower to her palace at
Greenwich.

It is singular to notice the fashion of these old houses, arising from
the value of space within walled towns; each floor projects over the
other, so that the upper apartments have more room than the lower.
While, in an artistic point of view, we cannot help regretting the
disappearance of the venerable and quaint gables, for sanitary and
other reasons we must be content with the change.


AMBASSADORS--WHY HELD BY THE ARMS AT THE OTTOMAN COURT.

A dervise addressed Bajazet, emperor of the Turks, 1495, for alms, and
while the charitable Sultan searched for his money, the treacherous
beggar wounded him with a dagger, and was instantly slain by the
royal attendants. This incident is rendered memorable by its having
occasioned the ungracious restraint under which even the ambassadors of
Christian powers were subject to in former times when they received an
audience from the Ottoman Emperor.

They were held by the arms by two attendants, when they approached the
throne, nor were their arms loosed till they had quitted the presence.


TRAVELLING IN 1760.

The nobility and gentry were accustomed to make their long journeys in
ponderous family-carriages, drawn by four horses. These vehicles would
be laden at the top with an array of trunks and boxes, while perhaps
six or seven persons, with a lapdog, would be stowed within. The danger
of famine on the road was averted by a travelling larder of baskets of
various condiments; the risk of thirst would be provided against by
bottles of usquebaugh, black cherry-brandy, cinnamon-water, sack, port,
or strong beer: while the convoy would be protected by a basket-hilted
sword, an old blunderbuss, and a bag of bullets and a great horn of
gunpowder.


OLD ST. PAUL'S.

In the old cathedral was a tower of stone, in height from the ground
260 feet, on which was a spire of wood, covered with lead, 274 feet
high. In the tower was a celebrated peal of bells; and somewhat above
the stone-work was a "faire dial," from which there was order taken in
the eighteenth year of Edward III. that the rich chasing and gilding
should be always kept in good preservation. On this dial was the figure
of an angel pointing to the hours of both day and night--a device more
appropriate than most of the clock-hands in present use. From this
lofty steeple, which formed such an important feature of old London,
the chimes rung merrily on saints' days and holidays; and at times the
choristers mounted up aloft and chaunted forth their orisons at dawn
and sunset--a custom still observed at Durham Cathedral. Before the
fire of London, the spire of St. Paul's was more than once destroyed or
damaged by fire and lightning.

On Candlemas Eve, 1444, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the
lightning fired the steeple. The citizens came forth and succeeded in
overcoming the fire; it, however, broke forth again at night, and but
little of the spire was saved. In the year 1561, in the month of June,
there fell a prodigious quantity of rain, attended with thunder and
lightning. St. Paul's steeple was struck within a yard of the top. At
first, a little fire appeared, resembling the light of a torch, and
in eight minutes the weather-cock fell; and the wind rising high, the
fire within an hour afterwards destroyed the steeple down to the very
battlements, and then, in consequence of the mass of burning timber
that fell from the spire, burnt so violently that the iron-work and
the bells melted and fell upon the stairs in the church; the east and
west roofs catching fire communicated with the north and south, and
destroyed them all. Much damage was also done to other parts.

The spire was again reared, and the damaged bells properly replaced.
In addition to the bells in the tower of old St. Paul's there was a
common bell, the property of the city, hung in a suitable building,
closely adjoining to the Cathedral, which was rung that the inhabitants
might assemble at wardmotes and other important occasions. Another fire
damaged the ancient church, and then the great fire of 1666, swept
steeples, bells, churches, and all before it.


THE BEDFORD MISSAL.

In January, 1786, when the Bedford Missal was on sale, with the rest
of the Duchess of Portland's collection, King George III. sent for
his bookseller, and expressed his intention to become the purchaser.
The bookseller ventured to submit to his majesty, that the article in
question, as one highly curious, was likely to fetch a high price. "How
high?" exclaimed the king. "Probably two hundred guineas," replied the
bookseller. "Two hundred guineas for a Missal!" exclaimed the Queen,
who was present, and lifted up her hands with astonishment. "Well,
well," said his Majesty, "I'll have it still; but since the Queen
thinks two hundred guineas so enormous a price for a Missal, I'll go no
further." The biddings for the royal library did actually stop at that
point; and Mr. Edwards carried off the prize by adding three pounds
more. The same Missal was afterwards sold at Mr. Edwards's sale, in
1815, and purchased by the Duke of Marlborough, for £637 15s.


FORMATION OF THE VOLCANO OF JORULLO.

The Mexican volcanoes of Orizaba, Popocatepetl, Jorullo, and Colima
appear to be connected with each other, being placed in the direction
of a line running transverse to the former, and passing east and west
from sea to sea.

As was first observed by Humboldt, these mountains are all situated
between north latitude 18° 59' and 19° 12'. In an exact line of
direction with the other volcanoes, and over the same transverse
fissure, Jorullo was suddenly elevated on the 29th of September, 1759.
The circumstances attending the production of this volcano are so
remarkable, that we shall here notice them in some detail.

[Illustration: Volcano of Jorullo, Mexico.]

An extensive plain, called the Malpays, was covered by rich fields of
cotton, sugar-cane, and indigo, irrigated by streams, and bounded by
basaltic mountains, the nearest active volcano being at the distance
of eighty miles. This district, situated at an elevation of about 2600
feet above the level of the sea, was celebrated for its beauty and
extreme fertility. In June, 1759, alarming subterranean sounds were
heard, and these were accompanied, by frequent earthquakes, which were
succeeded by others for several weeks, to the great consternation of
the neighbouring inhabitants. In September tranquillity appeared to
be re-established, when, in the night of the 28th, the subterranean
noise was again heard, and part of the plain of Malpays, from three to
four miles in diameter, rose up like a mass of viscid fluid, in the
shape of a bladder or dome, to a height of nearly 1700 feet; flames
issued forth, fragments of red-hot stones were thrown to prodigious
heights, and, through a thick cloud of ashes, illumined by volcanic
fire, the softened surface of the earth was seen to swell up like an
agitated sea. A huge cone, above 500 feet high, with five smaller
conical mounds, suddenly appeared, and thousands of lesser cones
(called by the natives _hornitos_, or ovens,) issued forth from the
upraised plain. These consisted of clay intermingled with decomposed
basalt, each cone being a _fumarolle_, or gaseous vent, from which
issued thick vapour. The central cone of Jorullo is still burning,
and on one side has thrown up an immense quantity of scoriaceous and
basaltic lavas, containing fragments of primitive rocks. Two streams,
of the temperature of 186° of Fahrenheit, have since burst through the
argillaceous vault of the hornitos, and now flow into the neighbouring
plains. For many years after the first eruption, the plains of Jorullo
were uninhabitable from the intense heat that prevailed.


CRATER OF VESUVIUS IN 1829.

[Illustration: [++] Crater of Vesuvius.]

The crater Stromboli, which has been in activity since the most
ancient times, presents at present the same appearances as those which
were described by Spallanzani, in 1788. It is constantly filled with
lava in a state of fusion, which alternately rises and falls in the
cavity. Having ascended to ten or twelve yards below the summit of the
walls, this boiling fluid is covered with large bubbles, which burst
with noise, letting enormous quantities of gas escape from them, and
projecting on all sides scoriaceous matter. After these explosions, it
again subsides, but only to rise again and produce like effects--these
alternations being repeated regularly at intervals of some minutes.
In craters where the lava is less fluid than in that of Stromboli, new
cones are sometimes formed in the midst of the Crater, which first
rise in the form of a dome, and then burst out so as to form a small
active volcano in the middle of the crater of the great one. This
phenomenon is often presented within the crater of Vesuvius, and was
more particularly witnessed in 1829.


LOAF SUGAR.

In 1553 a sugar-loaf was presented to Mr. Waldron, of Bovey House,
which weighed 7 lbs., at 1s. 1d. per lb. (7s. 7d.)

The late Lord Rolle married the last of that branch of the Waldron
family. The house remains about ten miles west of Lyme. The sugar-loaf
was charged at a high rate, considering the greater value of money
in Queen Mary's reign. This article began to be highly prized. The
sugar-cane, which had been grown from the year 1148 in Sicily, had
been imported into Madeira A.D. 1419. About the year 1503 the art
of refining sugar, before called "blanch powdre," was discovered by
a Venetian; before which the juice, when selected instead of honey
for sweetening, was used as it came from the cane. Only twenty-seven
years from this date, in 1526, it was imported from St. Lucar in Spain
by Bristol merchants. Let not the present of the Mayor of Lyme be
considered as a cheap article produced in abundance in the islands of
the West Indies. The sugar-cane was not imported thither into Barbadoes
from the Brazils till the year 1641. How surprising the result of
official inquiries in the year 1853 into the consumption of sugar! It
amounted to 7,523,187 cwts., or 30 lbs. each individual of the United
Kingdom.


SUSPENSION BRIDGES AT FREYBOURG.

There are two suspension bridges in Freybourg; one remarkable for its
great length, the other for its extreme beauty. The latter connects
the top of two mountains, swinging over a frightful gulf that makes
one dizzy to look down into. There are no buttresses or masonwork in
sight at a little distance; shafts are sunk in the solid rock of the
mountains, down which the wires that sustain it are dropped. There
it stretches, a mere black line, nearly three hundred feet in the
heavens, from summit to summit. It looks like a spider's web flung
across a chasm; its delicate tracery showing clear and distinct against
the sky. While you are looking at the fairy creation suspended in
mid-heaven, almost expecting the next breeze will waft it away, you
see a heavy waggon driven on it; you shrink back with horror at the
rashness that could trust so frail a structure at that dizzy height;
but the air-hung cobweb sustains the pressure, and the vehicle passes
in safety. Indeed, weight steadies it; while the wind, as it sweeps
down the gulf, makes it swing under you. The large suspension bridge
is supported on four cables of iron wire, each one composed of one
thousand and fifty-six wires. As the Menai bridge of Wales is often
said to be longer than this, I give the dimensions of both as I find
them in Mr. Murray:--Freybourg: length, nine hundred and five feet;
height, one hundred and seventy-four feet; breadth, twenty eight feet.
Menai: length, five hundred and eighty feet; height, one hundred and
thirty feet; breadth, twenty-five feet. A span of nine hundred and five
feet, without any intermediate pier, seems impossible at first, and one
needs the testimony of his own eyes before he can fully believe it.


WONDERFUL CLOCK.

Towards the end of the last century, a clock was constructed by a
Genevan mechanic named Droz, capable of performing a variety of
surprising movements, which were effected by the figures of a negro,
a shepherd, and a dog. When the clock struck, the shepherd played six
tunes on his flute, and the dog approached and fawned upon him. This
clock was exhibited to the King of Spain, who was highly delighted with
the ingenuity of the artist. The king, at the request of Droz, took an
apple from the shepherd's basket, when the dog started up and barked
so loud that the king's dog, which was in the same room, began to bark
also. We are moreover informed that the negro, on being asked what hour
it was, answered the question in French, so that he could be understood
by those present.


MANDRIN THE SMUGGLER, 1757.

Mandrin was the son of a peasant in Dauphiny who dealt in cattle. His
first employment was buying and selling horses, by which he subsisted
several years. But having on some occasion committed a murder, he was
obliged to fly from justice, and in his absence was condemned by the
Parliament of Grenoble to be broken on the wheel. Being now a fugitive,
and destitute of employment, he learned to counterfeit money, and
by this fraud made considerable gain, till, being discovered, the
officers of the Mint at Lyons issued a warrant for apprehending him,
and he was again obliged to quit the country. While he was wandering
about from place to place, and hiding himself in caves and woods,
he became acquainted with a gang of smugglers, and associating with
them was, after some time, made their captain. As this gang was very
numerous, he was less cautious of being seen, and having at length
lost his sense of fear by habitual danger, he frequently entered towns
and cities, raised contributions on the king's officers by force, and
spread the same terror among others that others had brought upon him.
But in proportion as he became more formidable he was, in fact, less
secure; for the Government found it necessary to detach after him such
a force as he could not resist, and the Farmers-General offered 48,000
livres reward for taking him. After many times attacking his party in
a running fight, in which several were cut off, Mandrin, with eight of
his men, took shelter in a castle on the frontiers of Savoy. They were
closely pursued by several detachments, under the command of Colonel
de Molière, who entered the King of Sardinia's territory after him,
without having first obtained leave. Molière was immediately opposed by
a great number of peasants: whether they were instigated by Mandrin, or
whether they were jealous of their privilege, is not known; but all his
expostulations being fruitless, and being determined not to relinquish
his prey, for whom he hoped to receive so considerable a reward, he
forced his way against them, killing twelve and wounding many others.
Mandrin waited the issue of this contest in his castle, where he was
soon besieged by 150 men, who attacked the place with great vigour.
Mandrin and his partisans defended themselves like men who had nothing
to fear in a battle equal to being taken alive; and after several of
them were killed, and the castle gates burst open, they retreated,
fighting from chamber to chamber, and from story to story, till,
reaching the garret, and being able to proceed no further, they were at
last overpowered by numbers, having killed twenty of their adversaries,
and spent all their ammunition. Mandrin, with those that survived of
his little party, were carried prisoners to Valence in Dauphiny. * * *
Mandrin was examined every day from the 13th of May to the 25th,
in order to discover his accomplices. In the mean time several of
his associates were put to the torture to discover what they knew of
him, and were afterwards broken on the wheel, that death might give a
sanction to their testimony.

He himself was subjected to torture, but without eliciting anything
further than he had previously revealed. Throughout he steadfastly
refused to betray his comrades, and conducted himself with much dignity
and heroism. On the day of his execution he received absolution
from Father Gasperini, a Jesuit, who had administered to him the
consolations of religion during his confinement.

Before he was led out of the prison, his shoes and stockings were taken
from him; but, though barefooted, he walked along with great firmness
and a good grace. When he came to the cathedral to perform the _amende
honorable_, he asked forgiveness of the monks and priests for his want
of respect to their order, and was then conducted to the scaffold. He
mounted with great composure, and addressed himself in a short and
pathetic exhortation to the spectators, especially the young persons
of both sexes; he then sat down on the nave of the wheel, and loosened
the buttons of his shirt-sleeves himself. Then he entreated pardon of
the custom-house officers, whom he had so often and so grossly injured;
and turning to the penitents who surrounded the scaffold--with his
confessor and two other eminent persons of his order--he earnestly
recommended himself as the object of their prayer, and immediately
delivered himself up to the executioner. He received eight blows on
his arms and legs, and one on his stomach, and was intended to have
been left to expire of the wounds; but as the executioner was going
down from the scaffold, an order came to strangle him; the bishop
and all the considerable persons at Valence having interceded for
this mitigation of his punishment. Mandrin was twenty-nine years of
age, about five feet five inches high, well made, had a long visage,
blue eyes, and sandy chesnut hair; he had something rough in his
countenance, and a strong robust port; he was perpetually smoking
tobacco, with which he drank plentifully of any liquor that was at
hand, and ate till the last with a good appetite.


SUDDEN RECOVERY FROM MADNESS.

The following extraordinary account is taken from the _Gentleman's
Magazine_ of 1784:--"About six years since, a seafaring person was
taken into the Asylum for Maniacs at York; during the space of five
years and six months he never expressed any desire for sustenance,
and was fed in the manner of an infant. The servants undressed him at
night, and dressed him in the morning; he never spoke, and remained
with his body bent all day, and was regarded by all about him as an
animal nearly converted into a vegetable. About the middle of May,
1783, he suddenly astonished the people round him with saying, 'Good
morrow to you all.' He then thanked the servants for the care they had
taken of him, and appeared perfectly sane. A few days after, he wrote a
letter to his wife, in which he expressed himself with great propriety.
On the 28th of May following he was allowed to leave the hospital, and
return to his family; and has now the command of a ship in the Baltic
trade, and is in full enjoyment of perfect health, both in mind and
body. This very singular case is attested by Dr. Hunter, F.E.S., of
York, in a letter to Dr. Percival, of Manchester, and by the servants
now at the Asylum in York."


SUMMARY OF THE BIBLE.

The following table is published, as containing accurate particulars of
the English version of the Bible:--

  _In the Old Testament._|  _In the New Testament._|    _Total._
  Books,             39  | Books,             27   | Books,            66
  Chapters,         929  | Chapters,         260   | Chapters,      1,189
  Verses,        23,214  | Verses,         7,959   | Verses,       31,173
  Words,        592,493  | Words,        181,253   | Words,       773,746
  Letters,    2,728,100  | Letters,      838,380   | Letters,   3,566,480

The middle chapter and the shortest in the Bible is the hundred and
seventeenth Psalm; the middle verse is the eighth of the hundred and
eighteenth Psalm. The twenty-first verse of the seventh chapter of
Ezra, in the English version, has all the letters of the alphabet
in it. The nineteenth chapter of the second book of Kings and the
thirty-seventh chapter of Isaiah are alike.


THE LEPROSY.--LAZARS.--LAZAR-HOUSES.

That loathsome disorder, leprosy, was introduced into England in the
reign of Henry I., and was supposed to have been brought out of Egypt,
or perhaps the East, by means of the crusaders. To add to the horror,
it was contagious, which enhanced the charity of a provision for such
miserables, who were not only naturally shunned, but even chased by
royal edict, from the society of their fellow-creatures.

Lepers, or Lazars, were sick persons removed out of monasteries to
cells or hospitals, always built out of cities and towns. Their
usual maintainence was, from liberty allowed them to go upon every
market-day, to the market, where with a dish, called a _clap_ dish,
they would beg corn.

Their sickness and loathsome appearance giving great disgust, many
withheld their charity, upon which account they were afterwards
restrained from begging at large, but permitted to send the proctor
of the hospital, who came with his box one day in every month to the
churches, and other religious houses, at time of service; and there
received the voluntary charity of the congregations. This custom is
said to be the origin of the present practice of collecting briefs.

The leprosy was much more common formerly, in this part of the globe,
than at present. It is said, that there were in Europe fifteen thousand
hospitals founded for them. Perhaps near half the hospitals that were
in England were built for lepers.

Lepers were so numerous in the twelfth century, that by a decree of
the Lateran Council under pope Alexander III., A.D. 1179, they were
empowered to erect churches for themselves, and to have their own
ministers to officiate in them. This shows at once how infectious and
offensive their distemper was.

And on this account, "In England where a man was a leper, and was
dwelling in a town, and would come into the churches, or among his
neighbours when they were assembled, to talk to them to their annoyance
or disturbance, a writ lay De Leproso amovendo."--What follows is
remarkable. The writ is for those lepers "who appear to the sight
of all men, they are lepers, by their voice and their sores, the
putrefaction of their flesh, and by the smell of them."

And so late as the reign of Edward VI. multitudes of lepers seem to
have been in England; for in 1 Edw. 6. c. 3. in which directions are
given for carrying the poor to the places where they were born, &c. we
read the following clause: "Provided always, that all _leprous_ and
poor _bed-red_ creatures may, at their liberty, remain and continue in
such houses appointed for lepers, or bed-red people, as they now be in."

1184 to 1191.--The leprosy was at this period, and long after, a cruel
epidemic in our country, possibly brought by the crusaders from the
Holy Land, and spread here by filth and bad diet. It was supposed to
be infectious, and was shunned as the plague; so that, had it not been
for these pious institutions, multitudes must have perished under this
loathsome disorder.

Among other wild fancies of the age, it was imagined that the persons
afflicted with leprosy, a disease at that time (1327, Edward II.) very
common, probably from bad diet, had conspired with the Saracens to
poison all springs and fountains; and men being glad of any pretence
to get rid of those who were a burthen to them, many of those unhappy
people were burnt alive on the chimerical imputation.

Every one of the lazar-houses had a person, called a _fore-goer_, who
used to beg daily for them.


THE CONDOR IN PERU.

Dr. Pickering, of the United States Antarctic Expedition of 1839,
being in the vicinity of the Andes, attempted the ascent of one of the
summits; by noon he had reached a high elevation, and looking up, he
espied a huge condor soaring down the valley. He stopped to observe the
majestic bird as it sailed slowly along. To his surprise it took a turn
around him, then a second and a third, the last time drawing so near
that he began to apprehend that it meditated an attack. He describes
himself as being in the worst possible condition for a fight, his
strength being exhausted by climbing, and his right hand having been
lamed for some days from a hurt. The nature of the ground, too, was
anything but favourable for defence; but there was nothing left but to
prepare for a fight, and with this intent he took a seat and drew his
knife. At the instant, as if intimidated by the sight of the weapon,
the bird whirled off in another direction. Dr. Pickering confessed,
however humiliating the acknowledgment, that he was at the time very
well satisfied with the condor's determination to let him alone.


COST OF SIR CHRISTOPHER WREN'S CHURCHES.

The following is an account of what the undermentioned churches cost
building, the designs for which were furnished by Sir Christopher
Wren:--

                                 £    s. d.
  St. Paul's                 736,752  2  3-1/4
  Allhallows the Great         5,641  9  9
  ---- Bread-street            3,348  7  2
  ---- Lombard-street          8,058 15  6
  St. Alban's, Wood-street     3,165  0  8
  St. Anne and Agnes           2,448  0 10
  St. Andrew's, Wardrobe       7,060 16 11
  ---- Holborn                 9,000  0  0
  St. Antholin's               5,685  5 10-3/4
  St. Austin's                 3,145  3 10
  St. Benet, Grailchurch       3,583  9  5-1/4
  ---- Paul's Wharf            3,328 18 10
  ---- Fink                    4,129 16 10
  St. Bride's                 11,430  5 11
  St. Bartholomew's            5,077  1  1
  Christ Church               11,778  9  6
  St. Clement, Eastcheap       4,365  3  4-1/2
  ---- Danes                   8,786 17  0-1/2
  St. Dionis Back Church       5,737 10  8
  St. Edmund the King          5,207 11  0
  St. George, Botolph-lane     4,509  4 10
  St. James, Garlick-hill      5,357 12 10
  ---- Westminster             8,500  0  0
  St. Lawrence, Jewry         11,872  1  9
  St. Michael, Basinghall      2,822 17  1
  ---- Royal                   7,455  7  9
  St. Michael, Queenhithe      4,354  3  8
  ---- Wood-street             2,554  2 11
  ---- Crooked-lane            4,641  5 11
  ---- Cornhill                4,686  5 11
  St. Martin, Ludgate          5,378 18  8
  St. Matthew, Friday-str      2,301  8  2
  St. Margaret Pattens         4,986 10  4
  ---- Lothbury                5,340  8  1
  St. Mary, Abchurch           4,922  2  4-1/2
  ---- Magdalen                4,291 12  9-1/4
  ---- Somerset                6,579 18  1-1/4
  ---- at Hill                 3,980 12  3
  ---- Aldermanbury            5,237  3  6
  ---- le Bow                  8,071 18  1
  ---- le Steeple              7,388  8  7-3/4
  St. Magnus, Lond. bridge     9,579 19 10
  St. Mildred, Bread-street    3,705 13  6-1/4
  ---- Poultry                 4,654  9  7-3/4
  St. Nicholas Cole Abbey      5,042  6 11
  St. Olav, Jewry              5,580  4 10
  St. Peter's, Cornhill        5,647  8  2
  St. Swithin, Canon-street    4,687  4  6
  St. Stephen, Wallbrook       7,652 13  8
  ---- Coleman-str             4,020 16  6
  St. Vedast, Foster-lane      1,853 15  6


EARLY CLOCKS.

The first clock which appeared in Europe, was probably that which
Eginhard (the secretary of Charlemagne), describes as sent to his royal
master by Abdalla, King of Persia. "A horologe of brass, wonderfully
constructed, for the course of the twelve hours, answered to the
hourglass, with as many little brazen balls, which drop down on a sort
of bells underneath, and sounded each other."--The Venetians had clocks
in 872, and sent a specimen of them that year to Constantinople.


SINGULAR SPECIMEN OF ORTHOGRAPHY IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

The following letter was written by the Duchess of Norfolk to Cromwell,
Earl of Essex. It exhibits a curious instance of the monstrous
anomalies of our orthography in the infancy of our literature, when a
spelling book was yet a precious thing:--

"My ffary gode lord,--her I sand you in tokyn hoff the neweyer, a
glasse hoff Setyl set in Sellfer gyld, I pra you tak hit in wort. An hy
wer babel het showlde be bater. I woll hit war wort a m crone."

Thus _translated_:--

"My very good lord,--Here I send you, in token of the new year, a glass
of setyll set in silver gilt; I pray you take it in worth. An I were
able it should be better. I would it were worth a thousand crown."


DEATH OF THE EARL OF KILDARE.

In 1513, died the most powerful baron and active soldier of his age,
Fitzgerald, Earl of Kildare. He had been, during thirty years, at
different times, chief governor of Ireland, and was too potent to
be set aside, otherwise his strong attachment to the house of York
would probably have been his ruin. The untameable spirit of the earl
sometimes involved him in trouble, from which he was extricated by a
lucky bluntness; as when once, when charged before Henry VIII. with
setting fire to the cathedral of Cashel, "I own it," said the earl,
"but I never would have done it had I not believed that the archbishop
was in it." The king laughed, and pardoned the ludicrous culprit. The
Bishop of Meath was his bitterest foe. He accused him to Henry of
divers misdeeds, and closed his accusation with "Thus, my liege, you
see that all Ireland cannot rule the earl." "Then," said the perverse
monarch, "the earl shall rule all Ireland," and instantly made him
lord-deputy. The English loved the earl because he was brave and
generous, and because his good humour equalled his valour. Once, when
he was in a furious paroxysm, a domestic who knew his temper, whispered
in his ear, "My lord, yonder fellow has betted me a fine horse, that
I dare not take a hair from your lordship's beard; I pray, my lord,
win me that wager." The earl's features relaxed, and he said to the
petitioner, "Take the hair, then, but if thou exceedest thy demand, my
fist shall meet thy head."


THE BRITANNIA TUBULAR BRIDGE.

This is one of the most remarkable structures in the world, the design
of the celebrated architect, Sir R. Stephenson. This bridge is on the
line of the Chester and Holyhead Railway, crossing the Menai Straits,
within sight of Telford's Chain Suspension Bridge. It is made of cast
iron of a tubular form, in the tube of which the railway passes. Four
of these span the Strait, and are supported by piles of masonry; that
on the Anglesea side is 143 feet 6 inches high, and from the front
to the end of the wing walls is 173 feet. These wing walls terminate
in pedestals, on which repose colossal lions of Egyptian character.
The Anglesea pier is 196 feet high, 55 feet wide, and 32 feet long.
In the middle of the Strait is the Britannia Rock, from which the
bridge derives its name; on this the Britannia pier is raised. It is
equi-distant from the Anglesea and Carnarvon piers, being 460 feet in
the clear from each, and sustains the four ends of the four long tubes,
which span the distance from shore to shore. There are two pairs of
short and two of long tubes, the lengths of these pairs being 250 feet
and 470 respectively. The Egyptian lions are 25 feet 6 inches long, 12
feet 6 inches high, 8 feet wide, and weigh 80 tons. Two thousand cubic
feet of stone were required for each lion. The total quantity of stone
in the bridge is 1,400,000 cubic feet. The weight of malleable iron in
the tubes is 10,000 tons; of cast iron, 1,400 tons. The whole length of
the entire bridge, measuring from the extreme front of the wing walls,
is 1,833 feet, and its greatest elevation at Britannia pier, 240 feet
above low-water-mark. The total cost of the structure is £601,865. This
wonderful structure was begun April 13, 1846, and completed July 25,
1850; opened for traffic Oct. 21, 1850.

[Illustration: [++] The Britannia Tubular Bridge.]


DAFFEY'S ELIXIR.

In the _Postboy_, Jan. 1, 1707-8, is the following curious
advertisement:--"Daffey's famous _Elixir Salutis_ by Catherine Daffey,
daughter of Mr. Thomas Daffy, late rector of Redmile, in the valley
of Belvoir, who imparted it to his kinsman, Mr. Anthony Daffy, who
published the same to the benefit of the community and his own great
advantage. The original receipt is now in my possession, left to me by
my father. My own brother, Mr. Daniel Daffy, apothecary in Nottingham,
made the Elixir from the said receipt, and sold it there during his
life. Those who know it, will believe what I declare; and those who do
not, may be convinced that I am no counterfeit, by the colour, taste,
smell, and operation of my Elixir. To be had at the Hand and Pen,
Maiden-Lane, Covent Garden."


JENNY'S WHIM.

"This was a tea garden, situated, after passing over a wooden bridge on
the left, previous to entering the long avenue, the coach way to where
Ranelagh once stood. This place was much frequented, from its novelty,
being an inducement to allure the curious, by its amusing deceptions,
particularly on their first appearance there. Here was a large garden,
in different parts of which were recesses; and if treading on a spring,
taking you by surprise, up started different figures, some ugly enough
to frighten you--a harlequin, a Mother Shipton, or some terrific
animal. In a large piece of water, facing the tea alcoves, large fish
or mermaids, were showing themselves above the surface. This queer
spectacle was first kept by a famous mechanist, who had been employed
at one of the winter theatres, there being then two."--Angelo's _Pic
Nic or Table Talk_, p. 106.

Horace Walpole, more than once alludes to this place of entertainment
in his Letters; and in 1755 a 4to. satirical tract appeared entitled
_Jenny's Whim; or a Sure Guide to the Nobility, Gentry, and other
Eminent Persons, in this Metropolis_.


ANECDOTE RELATIVE TO THE MASKED EXECUTIONER OF CHARLES I.

It is universally known, that, at the execution of King Charles I., a
man in a vizor performed the office of executioner. This circumstance
has given rise to a variety of conjectures and accounts. In the
Gentleman's Magazine for November, 1767, and January, 1768, are
accounts of one William Walker, who is said to be the executioner.
In the same magazine for June, 1784, it is supposed to be a Richard
Brandon, of whom a long account is copied from an Exeter newspaper.
But William Lilly, in his "History of his Life and Times," has the
following remarkable passage:--"Many have curiously inquired who it
was that cut off his [the king's] head: I have no permission to speak
of such things: only thus much I say, he that did it is as valiant and
resolute a man as lives, and one of a competent fortune." To clear up
this passage, we shall present our readers with Lilly's examination (as
related by himself) before the first parliament of King Charles II. in
June, 1660.

"At my first appearance, many of the young members affronted me highly,
and demanded several scurrilous questions. Mr. Weston held a paper
before his mouth; bade me answer nobody but Mr. Prinn; I obeyed his
command, and saved myself much trouble thereby, and when Mr. Prinn put
any difficult or doubtful query unto me, Mr. Weston prompted me with
a fit question. At last, after almost one hour's tugging, I desired
to be fully heard what I could say as to the person that cut Charles
I.'s head off. Liberty being given me to speak, I related what follows,
viz.:--

"That the next Sunday but one after Charles I. was beheaded, Robert
Spavin, Secretary to Lieutenant-General Cromwell at that time, invited
himself to dine with me, and brought Anthony Pearson, and several
others, along with him to dinner. That their principal discourse all
dinner-time was only who it was that beheaded the king; one said it was
the common hangman; another, Hugh Peters; others were also nominated;
but none concluded. Robert Spavin, so soon as dinner was done, took
me by the hand, and carried me to the south window: saith he. 'These
are all mistaken; they have not named the man that did the fact; it
was Lieutenant-Colonel Joice. I was in the room when he fitted himself
for the work, stood behind him when he did it; when done, went in with
him again. There is no man knows this but my master, viz., Cromwell,
Commissary Ireton, and myself.'--'Doth Mr. Rushworth know it?' saith
I.--'No, he doth not know it,' saith Spavin. The same thing Spavin
since has often related to me when we were alone."


WHIPPING PRISONERS.

Mr. Ellesdon, Mayor of Lyme, in 1595, paid for--

                                                              _s._ _d._
  Four yards of canvas to make a coat to whip the rogues in    3    0

  Making the same                                              0    6

  Whipping of three of the ship boys for stealing of Mr.
      Hassard's salmon fish in the Cobb                        1    0

    (N.B.--Salmon was plentiful in the west at this epoch.)

The charge of fourpence made for whipping a boy continued for many
years the same. The whipping of a woman who was a stranger was little
more costly; but the inflicting such a punishment upon a townswoman
was remunerated at a higher rate, as may well be supposed, from a
consideration of several circumstances. To take a violent, noisy woman
from her chamber, tie madam to the tumbrel and whip her round the town,
was an undertaking that demanded assistance and protection to the
official or hireling that wielded the thong. In the Town Accompt Book
are found such entries as those which are given in illustration:--

                                                              _s._ _d._
  1625. For whipping William Wynter's boy                      0    4
              "      Agnes Abbott twice                        2    4
  1644. Paid two soldiers to attend the whipping of a woman    2    6
        Paid to whipping four women                            4    0


THE INIQUITIES OF THE SLAVE TRADE.

We may form some idea of the temptations which the trade in human
beings held out, even to people who held an honourable position in the
world, from the fact that the captain of a frigate, within a few years
before the slave trade was abolished, was known to purchase slaves in
the West India market, have them entered as able seamen, and compel the
artificers to teach them a trade; so that when the ship returned each
was sold at a high rate as a valuable piece of property. The worst,
however, has to be told. Upon sailing from Portsmouth, some of the
best men were sent away upon duty in a ship's boat, in order that they
might be returned "run," by which they lost pay and clothes, but made
room for the negroes lately kidnapped, who were entered, though they
did no work for the ship, as able seamen! We have all heard of a naval
officer who had his pocket picked at a Westminster election, and who
openly professed his vow, which he rigidly performed, of flogging every
Londoner that joined his ship for this act. This, it is said, was no
idle vow!


DISCOVERY OF THE BODY OF CANUTE THE GREAT.

In June 1766, some workmen who were repairing Winchester Cathedral
discovered a monument, wherein was contained the body of King Canute.
It was remarkably fresh, had a wreath round the head, and several other
ornaments of gold and silver bands. On his finger was a ring, in which
was set a large and remarkably fine stone; and in one of his hands a
silver penny. _Archæologia_, vol. iii. The penny found in the hand is
a singular instance of a continuance of the pagan custom of always
providing the dead with money to pay Charon.


M.P.'S AND MAYORS PRIVATEERS.

William Morfote, who represented Winchelsea in Parliament in 1428, was
a privateer with a hundred men under him. He found it necessary to
obtain the king's pardon in 1435, by the advice of Parliament, there
being a legal difficulty about his having broken prison at Dover Castle.

Two merchants of Sherborne in Dorsetshire were robbed of their cargo,
worth £80, A.D. 1322, by Robert de Battyle. This transaction did not
lose him the good opinion of his townsmen, who chose him Mayor of
Winchelsea a few years later.


ALGERINE INVASION OF IRELAND.

The Algerines landed in Ireland in 1627, killed 50 persons, and carried
off about 400 into slavery. One vessel captured by them was worth
£260,000. They made purchases of stores and provisions they wanted in
the western parts of Ireland by Baltimore, and in 1631 carried off 100
captives from that town. They landed their poor captives at Rochelle,
and marched them in chains to Marseilles. Twenty-six children are said
to have been carried off at one time from Cornwall. In 1633, Lord
Wentworth, appointed lord deputy of Ireland, named noted pirate vessels
off the coast of Ireland and their captures. Persons in their wills
used to leave sums of money for redeeming well-known captives from
bondage in Algiers and other places.


WILLIAM JOY, THE ENGLISH SAMPSON.

[Illustration: [++] William Joy.]

William Joy was a native of Kent, and born May 2, 1675, at St.
Lawrence, a small village one mile from Ramsgate, in the Isle of
Thanet. When very young, he distinguished himself among his juvenile
companions and playmates, by his amazing superiority in strength,
over any antagonist that dare to come in competition with his power,
whether in play or earnest When about twenty-four years of age, he
first began to exhibit in public his astonishing feats, in a display of
personal prowess inferior to none but the Hebrew champion recorded in
holy writ. Among many other of this man's extraordinary performances
may be recorded:--1. A strong horse, urged by the whip to escape his
powerful rein, is restrained and kept from escape solely by the check
of his pull, aided by a strong rope, and this without any stay or
support whatever. 2. Seated upon a stool, with his legs horizontally
elevated, solely by muscular power, he jumps clearly from his seat.
3. To prove the agility and flexibility of his joints, he places
a glass of wine on the sole of his foot, and, in an erect posture,
without the least bending of his head or body, raises the glass to
his mouth, and drinks the contents, turning his foot with both hands,
to accommodate his draught. 4. Aided by a strong leather girdle, or
belt, and supporting himself by pressing his arms on a railing, he
lifts from the ground a stone of the enormous weight of 2,240 lbs. 5.
A rope fastened to a wall, which had borne 3,500 lbs. weight, without
giving way, is broke asunder by his amazing strength. The celebrity
of this man attracted the curiosity of King William III., before whom
he exhibited at Kensington Palace; likewise before George, Prince of
Denmark, and his royal consort, the Princess, afterwards Queen Anne,
and their son William, Duke of Gloucester, called the Hope of England.
He also went through a regular course of performances at the Duke's
Theatre, in Dorset-gardens, Salisbury-square, which was attended by the
first nobility and gentry in the kingdom.


PRICE OF SHELL-FISH IN 1675.

A bill for shell-fish enables us to ascertain the prices paid in
Charles II.'s reign for these delicacies. Mr. Walter Tucker, mayor of
Lyme, Dorset, paid for the judges, for--

   30 lobsters                £1 10 0
    6 crabs                    0  6 0
  100 scallops                 0  5 0
  300 oysters                  0  4 0
   50 oranges                  0  2 0
                              -------
                              £2  7 0


DISTRIBUTING HAND-BILLS.

The month of July 1736 afforded a singular _popular explosion_,
contrived in the following strange manner:--A brown paper parcel,
which had been placed unobserved near the side-bar of the Court of
King's-bench, Westminster-hall, blew up during the solemn proceedings
of the Courts of Justice assembled, and scattered a number of printed
bills, giving notice, that on the last day of Term five Acts of
Parliament would be publicly burnt in the hall, between the hours of
twelve and one, at the Royal Exchange, and at St. Margaret's hill,
which were the Gin Act, the Smuggling Act, the Mortmain Act, the
Westminster Bridge Act, and the Act for borrowing 600,000_l._ on the
Sinking fund.

One of the bills was immediately carried to the Grand Jury then
sitting, who found it an infamous libel, and recommended the offering
of a reward to discover the author.


RANZ DES VACHES.

The "Ranz des Vaches," which is commonly supposed to be a single air,
stands in Switzerland for a class of melodies, the literal meaning
of which is cow-rows. The German word is _Kureihen_--rows of cows.
It derives its origin from the manner the cows march home along the
Alpine paths at milking time. The shepherd goes before, keeping every
straggler in its place by the tones of his horn, while the whole herd
wind along in Indian file, obedient to the call. From its association
it always creates home-sickness in a Swiss mountaineer, when he hears
it in a foreign land. It is said, these melodies are prohibited in
the Swiss regiments attached to the French army, because it produces
so many desertions. One of the "Ranz des Vaches" brings back to his
imagination his Alpine cottage--the green pasturage--the bleating of
his mountain goats--the voices of the milkmaids, and all the sweetness
and innocence of a pastoral life; till his heart turns with a sad
yearning to the haunts of his childhood, and the spot of his early
dreams and early happiness.

The Swiss retain their old fondness for rifle-shooting, and there is
annually a grand rifle match at some of the large towns, made up of the
best marksmen in all Switzerland. There are also yearly contests in
wrestling, called _Zwing Feste_, the most distinguished wrestlers at
which are from Unterwalden, Appenzel, and Berne.


MONSOONS.

These are periodical winds which blow over the Indian Ocean, between
Africa and Hindustan for nearly six months from the north-east, and
during an equal period from the south-west. The region of the monsoons
lies a little to the north of the northern border of the trade-winds,
and they blow with the greatest force and with most regularity between
the eastern coast of Africa and Hindustan. When the sun is in the
southern hemisphere a north-east wind, and when it is in the northern
hemisphere, a south-west wind blows over this sea. The north-east
monsoon blows from November to March. It extends one or two degrees
south of the equator. It becomes regular near the coasts of Africa
sooner than in the middle of the sea, and near the equator sooner than
in the vicinity of the coasts of Arabia. This wind brings rain on the
eastern coasts of Africa. The south-west monsoon does not extend south
of the equator, but usually begins a short distance north of it. It
blows from the latter end of April to the middle of October. Along the
coast of Africa, it appears at the end of March; but along the coast
of Malabar, not before the middle of April; it ceases, however, sooner
in the former than in the latter region. The rainy season on the west
coast of Hindustan commences with the first approach of the south-west
monsoon. The monsoons prevail also on the seas between Australia and
China.

[Illustration: [++] Mpnsoons.]

The effect of the struggle which precedes the change in the direction
of the wind in this part of the world is thus described in "Forbes's
Oriental Memoirs." The author was encamped with the English troops:

"The shades of evening approached as we reached the ground, and just
as the encampment was completed, the atmosphere grew suddenly dark,
the heat became oppressive, and an unusual stillness presaged the
immediate setting-in of the monsoon. The whole appearance of external
nature resembled those solemn preludes to earthquakes and hurricanes
in the West Indies, from which the East in general is providentially
free. We were allowed very little time for conjecture. In a few minutes
the heavy clouds burst over us. I had witnessed seventeen monsoons
in India, but this surpassed them all in its awful appearance and
dreadful effects. Encamped in a low situation on the borders of a lake
formed to collect the surrounding water, we found ourselves in a few
hours in a liquid plain; tent-pins giving way in a loose soil--the
tents fell down--and left the whole army exposed to the contending
elements. It requires a lively imagination to conceive the situation of
a hundred thousand human beings of every description, with more than
two hundred thousand elephants, camels, horses, and oxen, suddenly
overwhelmed by this dreadful storm in a strange country, without any
knowledge of high or low ground, the whole being covered by an immense
lake, and surrounded by thick darkness, which rendered it impossible
for us to distinguish a single object except such as the vivid
glare of the lightning occasionally displayed in horrible forms. No
language can adequately describe the wreck of a large encampment thus
instantaneously destroyed, and covered with water, amid the cries of
old men and helpless women, terrified by the piercing shrieks of their
expiring children, unable to afford them relief. During this dreadful
night more than two hundred persons and three thousand cattle perished
miserably, and the morning dawn exhibited a shocking spectacle!"


UNUSUAL LOCALITY FOR SAYING PRAYERS.

Francis Atkins was porter at the palace gate, at Salisbury, from the
time of Bishop Burnet to the period of his death in 1761, at the age
of 104 years. It was his office every night to wind up the clock,
which he was capable of performing regularly till within a year of his
decease, though on the summit of the palace. In ascending the lofty
flight of stairs, he usually made a halt at a particular place and said
his evening prayers. He lived a regular and temperate life, and took a
great deal of exercise; he walked well, and carried his frame upright
and well balanced to the last.


BILLY IN THE SALT BOX.

Political caricatures are generally well worth preserving, they
familiarize us with the features and peculiarities of celebrated men,
and they tell us what was the popular feeling of the day. We regret
that in general they are too large for our pages, but now and then we
meet with a small one which we are glad to present to our readers.

[Illustration: [++] Billy in the Salt Box.]

Mr. Pitt's budget of 1805 was not allowed to pass without severe
remarks, and a heavily increased duty on salt excited general
dissatisfaction. People said that the grand contriver of taxes had
visited every corner of the house above stairs, and that he had now
descended into the kitchen; and the annexed caricature, by Gilray,
which was published at this period, represents the premier alarming the
poor cook by popping his head out of the salt-box, with the unexpected
salutation--"How do you do, cookey?" The person thus apostrophised
cries out in consternation, "Curse the fellow, how he has frightened
me!--I think, on my heart, he is getting in everywhere!--who the deuce
would have thought of finding him in the salt-box?"


DANGEROUS FEAT.

An extraordinary instance of the rash feats which men with cool
heads and courageous hearts will sometimes perform, was witnessed at
Nottingham on January 22, 1789.--The vane at the top of St. Peter's
spire, which was placed there in 1735, and measured thirty-three inches
in length, having become insecure, the parish officers agreed with Mr.
Robert Wooton, of Kegworth, to take it down and reinstate it.

This venturous man, henceforth known as "_the steeple climber_,"
commenced his undertaking by placing a ladder against the steeple, and
securing it to the wall with tenters: he then mounted that with another
on his shoulder, which he fastened above it in like manner; and so on
till he reached the top. To prevent himself falling, he was girded
round with belts, which he connected with the ladders by means of
hooks. In this manner he replaced the vane and cock, and rebuilt four
yards of the steeple.

The celerity with which the man placed the ladders was remarkable. He
began to affix the first at eleven in the morning, and brought the
vane down in triumph by two in the afternoon. The bells were then set
a-ringing, the congregation of people became very great, and Wooton
re-ascended the spire, to exhibit his daring. He extended himself on
its summit, only thirteen inches in diameter, and spread out his arms
and legs. He afterwards balanced himself on the uppermost stave of
the top ladder, and for a quarter of an hour capered about in every
imaginable posture, the admiring crowd beneath expecting momentarily to
witness his descent in a manner much less agreeable than precipitate.

Subsequently, when his undertaking was accomplished, to excite
admiration and obtain money, he again balanced himself on the apex
of the spire, beat a drum, and drank a bottle of ale, in the sight
of thousands of people, on a market-day; but the reprobation of the
man's temerity so far preponderated over public approval, as in a
considerable degree to diminish his expected reward.


POST-HASTE ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

Glasgow is now within one minute of London; in the last century it was
scarcely within a fortnight of it. It is a positive fact that when the
post arrived there a hundred years ago, the firing of a gun announced
its coming in. The members of the clubs who heard it tumbled out of
bed, and rushed down to the club-room, where a tankard of hot herb ale,
or a beverage which was a mixture of rum and sugar, was ready for them
before breakfast. How forcibly do these things bring before us the size
of Glasgow at that time, and the habits of its citizens.


EXECUTION OF ADMIRAL BYNG.

The horrid details of the execution of criminals are wholly unfitted
for our pages, but Admiral Byng was not a criminal; his life was
sacrificed to party spirit and party interests, and an account of his
murder--for such it really was--is therefore highly interesting, as it
enables us to see the dauntless manner in which a brave man can meet
a dreadful fate, which he knew to be wholly undeserved. The execution
took place on board the "St. George," man-of-war in Portsmouth harbour,
on the 14th of March, 1757. The Admiral, accompanied by a clergyman who
attended him during his confinement, and two gentlemen, his relations,
walked out of the great cabin to the quarterdeck, where he suffered, on
the larboard side, a few minutes before twelve o'clock. He was dressed
in a light grey coat, white waistcoat, and white stockings, and a large
white wig, and had in each hand a white handkerchief. He threw his hat
on the deck, kneeled on a cushion, tied one handkerchief over his eyes,
and dropped the other as a signal, on which a volley from six marines
was fired, five of whose bullets went through him, and he was in an
instant no more. The sixth went over his head. From his coming out
of his cabin could not be two minutes till he fell motionless on his
left side. He died with great resolution and composure, not showing
the least sign of timidity. The _Ramillies_, the ship the admiral had
in the Mediterranean, was riding at her moorings in the harbour, and
about half an hour before he suffered, she broke her mooring chain, and
only held by her bridle, which is looked on as a wonderful incident by
people who do not consider the high wind at that time.


EXTRAORDINARY TREE.

[Illustration: [++] Banyan Tree.]

The Samoan group of islands in the South Sea lies between the latitudes
of 13° 30' and 14° 30' S, and the longitudes of 168° and 173° W. In
some of these islands there is a most remarkable tree which well
deserves a place in our roll of extraordinary productions. It is a
species of banyan (_Ficus religiosa_), and is called by the natives
Ohwa. Our sketch gives a good idea of some of these trees. The pendant
branches of many of them take root in the ground to the number of
thousands, forming stems from an inch to two feet in diameter,
uniting in the main trunk more than eighty feet above the ground, and
supporting a vast system of horizontal branches, spreading like an
umbrella over the tops of the other trees.


THE PLAGUE IN ENGLAND.

The Register of Ramsay, in Huntingdonshire, mentions 400 people who
died there of the plague, in or about February 1665, and that it
was introduced into the place by a gentleman, who first caught the
infection by wearing a coat, the cloth of which came from London: the
tailor who made the coat, with all his family, died, as did no less
than the number above mentioned.

But the ravages made by the plague in _London_, about 1665, are well
known: it was brought over from Holland, in some Levant goods, about
the close of the year 1664: its progress was arrested, in a great
degree, by a hard frost which set in in the winter; but as the spring
of 1665 advanced, its virulence advanced. Infected houses were shut
up and red crosses painted on the doors, with this inscription, "Lord
have mercy upon us." Persons going to market took the meat off the
hooks themselves, for their _own_ security, and for the _Butcher's_,
dropped their money into pans of vinegar; for it was supposed that even
their provisions were tainted with the infection. In the months of
August and September the greatest mortality occurred; for the deaths
of one week have been estimated at 10,000! It may be supposed, that no
great accuracy existed in the Registers, to afford a correct estimate;
for, in the parish of Stepney, it is said they lost, within the year,
116 sextons, grave-diggers and their assistants; and, as the disorder
advanced, the churchyards were incapable of holding more bodies, and
large pits were therefore dug in several parts, to which the dead
were brought by cartloads, collected by the ringing of a bell and the
mournful cry of "Bring out your dead." Add to this, that these carts
worked in the night, and no exact account was kept, as the clerks
and sextons were averse to a duty exposing them to such dangerous
consequences, and often carried off before such accounts as they had
taken were delivered in. All the shops were shut up, grass grew in the
most public streets, until about December 1665, when the plague abated,
and the citizens who had left their abodes for the country, crowded
back again to their residences. The computation is, that this horrible
disease carried off 100,000 persons in London: it is singular, that the
only parish quite exempt from infection was St. John the Evangelist, in
Watling Street.


LANDSLIP AT COLEBROOK, SHROPSHIRE.

A most remarkable circumstance happened there in the morning of the
27th of May, 1773, about four o'clock. Near 4,000 yards from the river
Severn stood a house, where a family dwelt; the man got up about three
o'clock, heard a rumbling noise, and felt the ground shake under him,
on which he called up his family. They perceived the ground begin to
move, but knew not which way to run; however, they providentially and
wonderfully escaped, by taking an immediate flight, for just as they
got to an adjacent wood, the ground they had left separated from that
on which they stood. They first observed a small crack in the ground
about four or five inches wide, and a field that was sown with oats
to heave up and roll about like waves of water; the trees moved as
if blown with wind, but the air was calm and serene; the Severn (in
which at that time was a considerable flood) was agitated very much,
and the current seemed to run upwards. They perceived a great crack
run very quick up the ground from the river. Immediately about thirty
acres of land, with the hedges and trees standing (except a few that
were overturned), moved with great force and swiftness towards the
Severn, attended with great and uncommon noise, compared to a large
flock of sheep running swiftly. That part of the land next the river
was a small wood, less than two acres, in which grew twenty large oaks;
a few of them were thrown down, and as many more were undermined and
overturned; some left leaning, the rest upright, as if never disturbed.
The wood was pushed with such velocity into the channel of the Severn
(which at that time was remarkably deep), that it forced the waters up
in columns a considerable height, like mighty fountains, and drove the
bed of the river before it on the opposite shore, many feet above the
surface of the water, where it lodged, as did one side of the wood;
the current being instantly stopped, occasioned a great inundation
above, and so sudden a fall below, that many fish were left on dry
land, and several barges were heeled over, and when the stream came
down were sunk, but none were damaged above. The river soon took its
course over a large meadow that was opposite the small wood, and in
three days wore a navigable channel through the meadow. A turnpike road
was moved more than thirty yards from its former situation, and to all
appearance rendered for ever impassable. A barn was carried about the
same distance, and left as a heap of rubbish in a large chasm; the
house received but little damage. A hedge that was joined to the garden
was removed about fifty yards. A great part of the land was in confused
heaps, full of cracks, from four inches to more than a yard wide.
Several very long and deep chasms were formed in the upper part of the
land, from about fourteen to upwards of thirty yards wide, in which
were many pyramids of earth standing, with the green turf remaining on
the tops of some of them. Hollows were raised into mounts, and mounts
reduced into hollows. Less than a quarter of an hour completed this
dreadful scene.


CURIOUS CUSTOM AT STRASBOURG.

At Strasbourg they show a large French horn, whose history is as
follows:--About 400 years ago, the Jews formed a conspiracy to betray
the city, and with this identical horn they intended to give the enemy
notice when to attack.

The plot, however, was discovered; many of the Jews were burnt alive,
the rest were plundered of their money and effects, and banished the
town; and this horn is sounded twice every night from the battlements
of the steeple in gratitude for the deliverance.

The Jews deny the fact of this story, except the murdering and
pillaging their countrymen. They say the whole story is fabricated to
furnish a pretext for these robberies and murders, and assert that the
steeple of Strasbourg, as has been said of the Monument of London,--

  "Like a tall bully lifts the head and lies."


DOWN AMONG THE DEAD MEN.

The following is an extraordinary instance of the recklessness of
sailors when in the pursuit of what they call pleasure. In the year
1779, a Mr. Constable, of Woolwich, passing through the churchyard
there at midnight, heard people singing jovially. At first he thought
they were in the church, but the doors were locked, and it was all
silent there:--on looking about he found some drunken sailors who had
got into a large family vault, and were regaling with bread, cheese,
tobacco, and strong beer. They belonged to the Robust, man of war,
and having resolved to spend a jolly night on shore, had kept it up in
a neighbouring alehouse till the landlord turned them out, and then
they came here to finish their evening. They had opened some of the
coffins in their dare-devil drunkenness and crammed the mouth of one
of the bodies with bread, and cheese, and beer. Constable, with much
difficulty, prevailed on them to return to the ship. In their way one
fell down in the mud, and was suffocated, as much from drunkenness as
the real danger. The comrades took him on their shoulders, and carried
him back to sleep in company with the honest gentlemen with whom he had
passed the evening.


CHAIR BROUGHT OVER TO AMERICA IN THE MAYFLOWER BY THE PILGRIM FATHERS.

[Illustration: [++] John Carver's Chair.]

How frequently do we obtain, from the ordinary articles of domestic
life which they were accustomed to use, a correct idea of the habits
and tastes of whole communities which have long since passed away.
A striking instance of this is the chair, of which the above is a
correct sketch. It belonged to John Carver, who was one of the band of
single-hearted men who constituted the Pilgrim Fathers, and who after
first setting out from Holland, eventually sailed from Plymouth in
England, in August, 1620. They landed in Cape Cod Harbour, New England,
on the 9th of November following. Carver, was one of the chief spirits
of the band, and the chair which we have sketched was one of his best
articles of furniture, which he took with him in the Mayflower. He
was elected the first governor of the community, and died in the year
following his election. How forcibly does it show the simplicity of
taste, and the freedom from pomp and vanity which characterised the
devoted and fearless men who left their native shores, and sought
"freedom to worship God" in a land to them unknown, that they should
have selected as their first governor, an individual, the best chair in
whose house was the homely article which we have here depicted.


A HARMLESS ECCENTRIC.

[Illustration: [++] Jenny Darney, a Harmless Eccentric.]

The annexed cut represents a singular character who was well known
about the year 1790 in the southern part of the county of Cumberland.
Her appearance is thus described by a correspondent of the Gentleman's
Magazine of that date:--"Though I have seen her at various times, and
frequently conversed with her, for these 20 years, I have never been
able to learn any particulars respecting her family, friends, or name.
The country people know her by the appellation of Jenny Darney, from
the manner, I presume, in which she used to mend her clothes. Her
present garb is entirely of her own manufacture. She collects the small
parcels of wool which lie about the fields in sheep farms, spins it on
a rock and spindle of her own making; and as she cannot find any other
method of making the yarn into cloth, she knits it on wooden needles,
and by that means procures a warm comfortable dress. In the lifetime of
the late Charles Lutwidge, Esq., of Holm Rook, she took possession of
an old cottage, or rather cow-house, on his estate, in which she has
ever since been suffered to continue. Her intellects seem at certain
times greatly deranged, but her actions are harmless, and her language
inoffensive. On that score she is caressed by all the villagers, who
supply her with eatables, &c., for money she utterly refuses. She
seems a person in her lucid intervals, of much shrewdness, and her
understanding is above the common level. This has also been improved
by a tolerable education. Her appearance has been much the same for
these 20 years, so that she must now be nearly 90 years of age; but of
this, as well as her family and name, she is always silent. She seems
to have chosen out the spot where she now lives, to pass the remainder
of her days unknown to her friends, and in a great measure from a
distaste of a wicked world, to 'prepare herself,' as she often in her
quiet hours says, 'for a better.'"


THE RULING PASSION.

A remarkable instance of the irresistible strength of the ruling
passion was to be seen a few years ago in a Londoner, who had kept are
retail spirit-shop, and retired into the adjoining county when he had
made a fortune, to enjoy himself. This man used to amuse himself by
having one puncheon filled with water, and measuring it off by pints
into another. There was also another retired cit who used every day to
angle in his round wash-hand-basin sized fish-pond for gold-fish. One
fish he knew, because it had once lost its eye in being caught--and he
used to say "Confound that fellow, this is the fifth, sixth, &c., time
that I have caught him this season." It used to provoke him.


INTERESTING REPORT WRITTEN BY SIR CHRISTOPHER WREN.

In the history of public buildings and monuments, it is always
curious to note the original plans of those who designed them, and to
mark the different proposals and suggestions which were taken into
consideration. On this account our readers will no doubt be gratified
by perusing the following Report of Sir Christopher Wren, on the
ornament which it would, in his opinion, be most desirable to place on
summit of the Monument, on Fish Street-hill. The Report was drawn up
for the use of the Committee of City Lands:--

"In pursuance of an Order of the Comittee for City Landes, I doe
heerwith offer the several designes which some monthes since I showed
His M{tie}. for his approbation; who was then pleased to thinke a
large Ball of metall, gilt, would be most agreeable, in regard it would
give an Ornament to the Town at a very great distance; not that His
M{tie}. disliked a statue; and if any proposall of this sort be more
acceptable to the City, I shall most readily represent the same to His
M{tie}.

"I cannot but comend a large Statue, as carrying much dignitie with it,
and that w{ch} would be more valewable in the eyes of Forreiners and
strangers. It hath been proposed to cast such a one in Brasse, of 12
foot high for £1,000. I hope (if it be allowed) wee may find those who
will cast a figure for that mony of 15 foot high, w{ch} will suit the
greatnesse of the pillar, & is (as I take it) the largest at this day
extant, and this would undoubtedly be the noblest finishing that can be
found answerable to soe goodly a worke in all men's judgements.

"A Ball of Copper, 9 foot diameter, cast in severall peeces with the
Flames and gilt, may well be don with the iron worke and fixing for
350lb., and this will be most acceptable of any thing inferior to a
statue, by reason of the good appearance at distance, and because one
may goe up into it, & upon occasion use it for fireworkes.

"A Phoenix was at first thought of, & is the ornament in the wooden
modell of the pilar w{ch} I caused to be made before it was begun; but
upon second thoughtes I rejected it, because it will be costly, not
easily understood at that highth, and worse understood at a distance,
and lastly dangerous, by reason of the sayle, the spread winges will
carry in the winds.

"The Belcony must be made of substantial well forged worke, there being
noe need at that distance of filed worke, and I suppose (for I cannot
exactly guesse the weight) it may be well performed and fixed according
to a good designe for fourscore & ten poundes, including painting, All
w{ch} is humbly submitted to your consideration.

"July 28, 1675.

  "CHR. WREN."


CHANGE OF SEX.

Connected with the plumage of birds is an extraordinary problem which
has baffled all research, and towards the solution of which not the
slightest approach has been made. Among certain of the gallinaceous
birds, and it has been observed in no other family, the females
occasionally assume the male plumage. Among pheasants in a wild state,
the hen thus metamorphosed, assumes with the livery a disposition
to war with her own race, but in confinement she is spurned and
buffeted by the rest. From what took place in a hen pheasant in the
possession of a lady, a friend of the late Sir Joseph Banks, it would
seem probable that this change arises from some alteration in the
temperament at a late period of the animal's life. This lady had paid
particular attention to the breeding of pheasants. One of the hens,
after having produced several broods, moulted, and the succeeding
feathers were exactly those of a cock. This animal never afterwards
laid an egg. The pea-hen, has sometimes been known to take the plumage
of the cock bird. Lady Tynte had a favourite pea-hen, which at eight
several times produced chicks. Having moulted when about eleven years
old, the lady and her family were astonished by her displaying the
feathers peculiar to the other sex, and appearing like a pied peacock.
In this process the tail, which was like that of the cock, first
appeared. In the following year she moulted again, and produced similar
feathers. In third year she did the same, and then had also spurs
resembling those of the cock. The bird never bred after this change of
her plumage.


TILBURY FORT.

The chief fame of Tilbury rests on the formation of the camp here, in
the reign of Queen Elizabeth, to defend London against the Spanish
invasion. Although it is unnecessary to recount the well-known
circumstances which led to the formation of the Tilbury camp, it may
not be out of place to give the famous speech of Queen Elizabeth on the
occasion of her visit:--

"My loving People,--We have been persuaded by some that are careful of
our safety, to take heed how we trust ourselves to armed multitudes
for fear of treachery; but assure you I do not desire to live to
distrust my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear. I have always
so behaved myself that under God I have placed my chiefest strength
and safeguard in the loyal hearts and goodwill of my subjects; and
therefore I am come among you at this time, not as for my recreation or
sport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to live
or die amongst you all--to lay down for my God, and for my kingdom, and
for my people, my honour and my blood even in the dust. I know that I
have but the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart of a
king, and a king of England too; and I think foul scorn that Parma or
Spain, or any prince of Europe, should dare to invade the borders of
my realms to which, rather than any dishonour shall grow by me, I will
myself take up arms--I myself will be your general, judge, and rewarder
of every one of your victories in the field."

The most full description of Elizabeth's reception at Tilbury is
printed in a sort of doggrel poem, headed, "Elizabetha Triumphans,
briefly, truly, and effectually set forth, declared, and handled by
James Aske."

The poem mentions, that when about 20,000 well-appointed men had
arrived at Tilbury, orders were sent to the various shires to cause the
troops in each to remain until further notice; and so great was the
desire to meet the enemy, that one thousand men of Dorsetshire offered
£500 to be allowed to march to the camp at Tilbury.

The alarm of the Spanish invasion was, however, not the last to
threaten the Londoners, and direct attention to Tilbury.

On the 8th of June, 1667, Ruyter, the Dutch admiral, sailed out of
the Texel with fifty ships, and came to the mouth of the Thames, from
whence he detached Vice-Admiral Van Ghent, with seventeen of his
lightest ships and some fire-ships. Van Ghent in the same month sailed
up the Medway, made himself master of the fort of Sheerness, and,
after burning a magazine of stores to the value of £40,000, blew up
the fortifications. This action alarmed the City of London; so that
to prevent similar mischief, several ships were sunk, and a large
chain put across the narrowest part of the Medway. But by means of an
easterly wind and a strong tide, the Dutch ships broke through the
chain, and sailed between the sunk vessels. They burnt three ships,
and carried away with them the hull of the "Royal Charles," besides
burning and damaging several others. After this they advanced as far as
Upnor Castle, and burnt the "Royal Oak," the "Loyal London," and the
"Great James." Fearing that the whole Dutch fleet would sail to London
Bridge, the citizens caused thirteen ships to be sunk at Woolwich, and
four at Blackwall, and platforms furnished with artillery to defend
them were raised in several places. The consternation was very great,
and the complaints were no less so. It was openly said the king, out
of avarice, had kept the money so generously given to him to continue
the war, and left his ships and subjects exposed to the insults of
the enemy. After this exploit, Ruyter sailed to Portsmouth, with a
design to burn the ships in that harbour; but finding them secured,
he sailed to the west, and took some ships in Torbay. He then sailed
eastward, beat the English force before Harwich, and chased a squadron
of nineteen men-of-war, commanded by Sir Edward Spragg, who was obliged
to retire into the Thames. In a word, he kept the coasts of England in
a continual alarm all July, till he received news of the conclusion of
peace.

[Illustration: Water-gate of Tilbury Fort.]

This daring attack was no doubt the cause of Tilbury Fort being made
to assume its present form. It is now a regular fortification, and
may be justly looked upon as the key to the City of London. The plan
of the building was laid out by Sir Martin Beckman, chief engineer to
Charles II., who also designed the works at Sheerness. The foundation
is laid upon piles driven down, two on end of each other, till they
were assured they were below the channel of the river, and that the
piles, which were pointed with iron, entered into the solid chalk rock.
On the land side, the works are complete; the bastions are faced with
brick. There is a double ditch, or moat, the innermost of which is 180
feet broad, with a good counterscarp, and a covered way marked out
with ravelins and tenailles. There are some small brick redoubts; the
chief strength, however, of this part of the fort consists in being
able to lay the whole level under water, and, by that means, make it
impossible for an enemy to carry on approaches that way. On the river
side is a very strong curtain, with the picturesque water-gate shown
in our engraving in the middle. Before this curtain is a platform, in
the place of a counterscarp, on which are planted cannon of large size.
These completely command the river, and would no doubt cripple the
ships of an enemy attempting to pass in this direction. A few years ago
there were placed on the platform 106 cannon, carrying from 24 to 46
pounds each, besides smaller ones planted between them. The bastions
and curtains are also planted with guns.

The circular tower shown in the engraving was in existence in the time
of Queen Elizabeth, and was called the Block-house.


RINGING THE CHANGES.

It is curious to note the number of changes which may be rung on
different peals. The changes on seven bells are 5,040; on twelve
479,001,600, which it would take ninety-one years to ring at the rate
of two strokes in a second. The changes on fourteen bells could not
be rung through at the same rate in less than 16,575 years: and upon
four-and-twenty, they would require more than 117,000 billions of years.


DISGRACEFUL STATE OF THE LONDON POLICE IN 1724.

That notorious burglar, Jack Sheppard, finished his disgraceful career
at Tyburn in the year 1724, and we notice the event, not with the view
of detailing the disgusting particulars of an execution, but because
the outrages which were allowed to take place after the dreadful scene
was over, exhibit in a striking light the miserable police regulations
which existed at that period, and the manner in which the mob were
allowed to have it nearly all their own way. The Sheriff's officers,
aware of the person they had to contend with, thought it prudent to
secure his hands on the morning of execution. This innovation produced
the most violent resistance on Sheppard's part; and the operation was
performed by force. They then proceeded to search him, and had reason
to applaud their vigilance, for he had contrived to conceal a penknife
in some part of his dress. The ceremony of his departure from our
world passed without disorder; but, the instant the time expired for
the suspension of the body, an undertaker, who had followed by his
friends' desire with a hearse and attendants, would have conveyed it to
St. Sepulchre's churchyard for interment; but the mob, conceiving that
surgeons had employed this unfortunate man, proceeded to demolish the
vehicle, and attack the sable dependants, who escaped with difficulty.
They then seized the body, and, in the brutal manner common to those
wretches, beat it from each to the other till it was covered with
bruises and dirt, and till they reached Long-acre, where they deposited
the miserable remains at a public-house called the Barley-mow. After
it had rested there a few hours the populace entered into an enquiry
why they had contributed their assistance in bringing Sheppard to
Long-acre; when they discovered they were duped by a bailiff, who
was actually employed by the surgeons; and that they had taken the
corpse from a person really intending to bury it. The elucidation of
their error exasperated them almost to phrensy, and a riot immediately
commenced, which threatened the most serious consequences, The
inhabitants applied to the police, and several magistrates attending,
they were immediately convinced the civil power was insufficient to
resist the torrent of malice ready to burst forth in acts of violence.
They therefore sent to the Prince of Wales and the Savoy, requesting
detachments of the guards; who arriving, the ringleaders were secured,
the body was given to a person, a friend of Sheppard, and the mob
dispersed to attend it to the grave at St. Martin's in the fields,
where it was deposited in an elm coffin, at ten o'clock the same night,
under a guard of soldiers, and with the ceremonies of the church.


A TRIUMPH OF ENERGY.

After the accession of Tippoo Saib to the throne of Mysore in 1782,
the English made overtures for a termination of the war which had been
commenced by his father; but flushed by the possession of a large
army, a well-filled treasury, a passion for war, and an inordinate
sense of his own importance, Tippoo refused all terms of pacification,
and left the English no alternative but to battle against him as they
could. Lord Macartney, who was at that time the Governor of Madras,
on becoming acquainted with the determination of Tippoo, resolved to
prosecute hostilities with the greatest vigour, and having placed Col.
Fullerton at the head of his force, he provided him with an army,
collected from various parts, of 16,000 good troops, and afforded that
excellent officer all available assistance in carrying the war into
Tippoo's territory. Fullerton laid his plans with considerable skill;
he encouraged the natives to bring and sell provisions to him on his
march, effectually checked devastation and plundering, scrupulously
respected the religious opinions of the Hindus, consolidated and
improved the mode of march, and availed himself of the subtle cunning
and nimble feet of the natives to establish a remarkably complete
courier-system, whereby he could receive and communicate intelligence
with a rapidity never before attained by any European officer in
India. He had to choose between two systems of strategy--either to
march through the Mysore territory, and frustrate Tippoo in his
siege of Mangalore; or boldly to attack Seringapatam, in order to
compel Tippoo to leave Mangalore as a means of defending his own
capital. The colonel decided on the adoption of the latter course, as
promising more fruitful results. Being at Daraporam, 200 miles south
of Seringapatam, Fullerton resolved to divert the route, and take a
circuit nearer the western coast, where the capture of the strong
fort of Palagatcherry would afford him a valuable intermediate depôt,
commanding one of the chief roads from the Malabar to the Coromandel
coasts. On the 18th of October he started. After capturing a few small
forts, he ascended to high ground, where dense forests, deep ravines,
and tortuous water courses embarrassed every yard of his progress:
to fill up the ravines before he could drag his artillery over them,
to throw trees across them where the depth was too great for filling
up, to clear gaps through forests with the axe, to contend against
tremendous rains--were only part of the difficulties he had to meet;
but he met them like a skilful commander, reached Palagatcherry on
the 5th of November, and captured the fort on the 15th, obtaining
with it a welcome supply of money, grain, guns, powder, shot, and
military stores. When the difficulties which Colonel Fullerton had
to encounter, and the triumphant manner in which he overcame them,
are taken into consideration, it will be readily admitted, we think,
that his enterprise is well deserving of being recorded as a striking
example of what may be accomplished by a union of professional skill
and invincible energy. Our engraving represents one of the devices
which Colonel Fullerton employed for the purpose of enabling his forces
to pass over a mountain torrent.

[Illustration: [++] Bridge over Mountain Torrent.]


STORMING OF THE BASTILLE AT PARIS.

[Illustration: [++] The Bastille.]

The great Revolution in France, at the close of the last century, was
full of wonderful events, many of which might be appropriately recorded
in our pages. One of the most striking among them was the storming and
capture of the Bastille, a vast state-prison which was begun to be
built in 1369 by Charles V., and finished by his successor in 1383.
The demolition of this fortress was the first triumph of the armed
populace of Paris, and it rendered the progress of the revolution
irresistible. As the day closed in on the evening of Monday, the 14th
of July, 1789, a reckless multitude of rioters, after seizing 30,000
muskets and several pieces of artillery at the Hotel des Invalides,
rushed in wild excitement to the Bastille, rendered hateful to the
people by the political imprisonment of many hapless men in past times,
although less frequently applied to similar purposes under the milder
rule of Louis XVI. An armed mob of at least 100,000 men, aided by
troops who joined them in whole regiments at a time, had not long to
contend against the old fortress. The governor, De Launay, made such a
defence as a brave officer might at such a juncture; but his few troops
were bewildered and wavering; he received orders from the Hotel de
Ville which he knew not whether to obey or resist, but no instructions
from the court or the ministers; and the military aid to the mob became
stronger than any force he could bring to bear against them. The chains
of three drawbridges were broken by hatchets; straw, wood, oil, and
turpentine were brought and kindled, to burn down the gates; and after
many volleys from the mob had been answered by a few from the fortress,
De Launay, seeing no hope of succour, resolved to blow up the place
rather than yield. In this he was prevented by the Swiss guards, who
formed a part of the small garrison, and who, after a parley with
the insurgents, opened the gates, and surrendered. The Bastille was
taken. The ruffians, heeding nothing but their own furious passions,
disregarded the honourable rules of capitulation; they beheaded De
Launay in a clumsy and barbarous manner, and putting his head on a
spike, carried it through the streets shouting, laughing, and singing;
they were prevented only by an accidental interruption from burning
alive a young lady whom they found in one of the court-yards; they
hung or maltreated many of the Swiss and invalid soldiers; and they
fearfully hacked the bodies of three or four officers in the endeavour
to decapitate them. The prisoners within, only seven in number, were
liberated, and treated with a drunken revel; while the Châtelet and
other prisons became scenes of renewed disorders. The sketch which we
give above, of the attack on the Bastille, is taken from a medallion by
Andrieu.


DURATION OF LIFE AMONG ARTISTS.

In Gould's Dictionary of Artists, published in 1839, the names, with
the ages, of 1,122 persons are given; which furnish the following
remarkable facts as to the longevity of this class of men. Died under
60 years old, 474; 60 years and under 70, 250; 70 years and under 80,
243; 80 years and under 90, 134; 90 years and under 100, 19; above 100,
1. The mean age at death of the whole number being 55 years; from which
it would appear that the pursuit of the fine arts has a tranquilizing
effect upon the spirits, and a tendency to moral refinement in the
habits and manners of its professors extremely favourable to the
prolongation of life.


CHANGE IN THE VALUE OF LAND.

At Brighton, within the present century, a spot of ground was offered
to a hair-dresser in fee, upon condition of shaving the possessor for
life. The terms were declined, and the land soon became of immense
value.


UNACCOUNTABLE ANTIPATHIES.

The following are a few of the more striking manifestations of that
unaccountable feeling of antipathy to certain objects, to which so many
persons are subject, and with instances of which--in a modified form
perhaps--most people are acquainted with:--

Erasmus, though a native of Rotterdam, had such an aversion to fish,
that the smell of it threw him into a fever.

Ambrose Paré mentions a gentleman, who never could see an eel without
fainting.

There is an account of another gentleman, who would fall into
convulsions at the sight of a carp.

A lady, a native of France, always fainted on seeing boiled lobsters.
Other persons from the same country experienced the same inconvenience
from the smell of roses, though they were particularly partial to the
odour of jonquils or tuberoses.

Joseph Scaliger and Peter Abono never could drink milk.

Cardan was particularly disgusted at the sight of eggs.

Uladislaus, king of Poland, could not bear to see apples.

If an apple was shown to Chesne, secretary to Francis I., he bled at
the nose.

A gentleman, in the court of the emperor Ferdinand, would bleed at the
nose on hearing the mewing of a cat, however great the distance might
be from him.

Henry III. of France could never sit in a room with a cat.

The Duke of Schomberg had the same aversion.

M. de Lancre gives an account of a very sensible man, who was so
terrified at seeing a hedgehog, that for two years he imagined his
bowels were gnawed by such an animal.

The same author was intimate with a very brave officer, who was so
terrified at the sight of a mouse, that he never dared to look at one
unless he had his sword in his hand.

M. Vangheim, a great huntsman in Hanover, would faint, or, if he had
sufficient time, would run away at the sight of a roasted pig.

John Rol, a gentleman in Alcantara, would swoon on hearing the word
_lana_, wool, pronounced, although his cloak was woollen.

The philosophical Boyle could not conquer a strong aversion to the
sound of water running through a pipe.

La Mothe le Vayer could not endure the sound of musical instruments,
though he experienced a lively pleasure whenever it thundered.

The author of the Turkish Spy tells us that he would rather encounter
a lion in the deserts of Arabia, provided he had but a sword in his
hand, than feel a spider crawling on him in the dark. He observes, that
there is no reason to be given for these secret dislikes. He humorously
attributes them to the doctrine of the transmigration of the soul; and
as regarded himself, he supposed he had been a fly, before he came into
his body, and that having been frequently persecuted with spiders, he
still retained the dread of his old enemy.


LONDON RESORTS A HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

In addition to the regular theatres, there were many places of
amusement, such as the Vauxhall and Ranelagh Gardens, the site of the
latter being now occupied by the houses that hem in Chelsea College;
the Rotunda, famous for its music, its gardens, and its piece of water;
Bell-size House and Gardens on the Hampstead Road, where tea, coffee,
and other refreshments could be had, together with music, from seven in
the morning,--with the advantage of having the road to London patrolled
during the season by twelve "lusty fellows," and of being able to ride
to Hampstead by coach for sixpence a-head; Perrot's inimitable grotto,
which could be seen by calling for a pot of beer; Jenny's Whim, at the
end of Chelsea Bridge, where "the royal diversion of duck-hunting"
could be enjoyed, "together with a decanter of _Dorchester_" for
sixpence; Cuper's Gardens, in Lambeth, nearly opposite Somerset House,
through which the Waterloo Road was ruthlessly driven; the Marble
Hall, at Vauxhall, where an excellent breakfast was offered for one
shilling; Sadler's Wells, celebrated both for its aquatic and its
wire-dancing attractions; the Floating Coffee-House, on the river
Thames, the Folly House at Blackwall, Marybone Gardens, the White
Conduit House, and a multitude of others, to enumerate which would be
tedious and unprofitable. On Sunday, we are told, the "snobocracy,"
amused themselves by thrusting their heads into the pillory at Georgia,
by being sworn at Highgate, or rolling down Flamstead Hill in Greenwich
Park. Some regaled their wives and families with buns at Chelsea and
Paddington; others indulged in copious draughts of cyder at the Castle
in the pleasant village of Islington; while the undomestic cit, in
claret-coloured coat and white satin vest, sipped his beer and smoked
his pipe at Mile End, or at the "Adam and Eve" in Pancras, or "Mother
Red Cap's" at Camden.


QUEEN ELIZABETH'S STATE COACH.

[Illustration: [++] Queen Elizabeth's State Coach.]

The accompanying engraving is taken from a very old print representing
the state procession of Queen Elizabeth on her way to open Parliament
on 2nd April, 1571. This was the first occasion on which a state coach
had ever been used by a Sovereign of England, and it was the only
vehicle in the procession; the Lord Keeper, and the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, all attending on horseback. It was drawn by two palfreys,
which were decked with trappings of crimson velvet; and, according
to an old authority, the name of the driver was William Boonen, a
Dutchman, who thus became the first state coachman.


THE ORIGIN OF EATING GOOSE ON MICHAELMAS DAY.

Queen Elizabeth, on her way to Tilbury Fort on the 29th of September,
1589, dined at the ancient seat of Sir Neville Umfreville, near that
place; and as British Bess had much rather dine off a high-seasoned
and substantial dish than a simple fricassee or ragout, the knight
thought proper to provide a brace of fine geese, to suit the palate
of his royal guest. After the Queen had dined heartily, she asked for
a half-pint bumper of Burgundy, and drank "Destruction to the Spanish
Armada." She had but that moment returned the glass to the knight who
had done the honours of the table, when the news came (as if the Queen
had been possessed with the spirit of prophecy) that the Spanish fleet
had been destroyed by a storm. She immediately took another bumper,
in order to digest the goose and good news; and was so much pleased
with the event, that she every year after, on that day, had the above
excellent dish served up. The Court made it a custom, and the people
the same, ever since.


PRE-ADAMITE BONE CAVERNS.

Among the wonders of the world, the bone caves of the pre-Adamite
period deserve a prominent place. It is to this period that the
extensive remains of Mammiferæ found in the strata of the Pampas
of Buenos Ayres, and in the caverns which are scattered in such
vast numbers over the continents of Europe and America, and even in
Australia, are to be ascribed. We regret that we can find room for a
description of only one of these caverns, but it is a most extensive
one, and among the first which attracted attention. It is situated
at Baylenreuth, in Franconia, and the engraving which we here give
represents a section of it.

[Illustration: [++] Pre-Adamite Bone Cavern.]

The entrance of this cave, about seven feet in height, is placed on
the face of a perpendicular rock, and leads to a series of chambers
from fifteen to twenty feet in height, and several hundred feet in
extent, in a deep chasm. The cavern is perfectly dark, and the icicles
and pillars of stalactite reflected by the torches present a highly
picturesque effect. The floor is literally paved with bones and fossil
teeth, and the pillars and corbels of stalactite also contain osseous
remains. Cuvier showed that three-fourths of the remains in this and
like caverns were those of bears, the remainder consisting of bones of
hyenas, tigers, wolves, foxes, gluttons, weasels, and other Carnivora.


HOW DISTANT AGES ARE CONNECTED BY INDIVIDUALS.

Mr. Robert Chambers, in a curious and interesting chapter in the
"Edinburgh Journal," entitled "Distant Ages connected by Individuals,"
states, in 1847, "There is living, in the vicinity of Aberdeen, a
gentleman who can boast personal acquaintance with an individual who
had seen and conversed with another who actually had been present at
the battle of Flodden Field!" Marvellous as this may appear, it is not
the less true. The gentleman to whom allusion is made was personally
acquainted with the celebrated Peter Garden, of Auchterless, who died
in 1775, at the reputed age of 131, although there is reason to believe
that he was several years older. Peter, in his young days, was servant
to Garden, of Troup, whom he accompanied on a journey through the north
of England, where he saw and conversed with the famous Henry Jenkins,
who died 1670, at the age of 169. Jenkins was born in 1501, and was of
course twelve years old at the period of the battle of Flodden Field;
and, on that memorable occasion, bore arrows to an English nobleman
whom he served in the capacity of page. "When we think of such things,"
adds Mr. Chambers, "the ordinary laws of nature seem to have undergone
some partial relaxation; and the dust of ancient times almost becomes
living flesh before our eyes."


THE EARTHQUAKE AT LISBON.

On the 1st of November, 1755, a few minutes before 10 a.m. the
inhabitants of Lisbon were alarmed by several violent vibrations of
the ground which then rose and fell several times with such force that
hundreds of houses came toppling into the streets, crushing thousands
of people. At the same time the air grew pitchy dark from the clouds of
dust that rose from the crumbling edifices. Many persons ran down to
the river side, in the hope of escaping to the shipping; but the water
suddenly rose some yards perpendicularly, and swept away everything
before it. The quay, with nearly 200 human beings standing on it,
all at once disappeared. Large ships, which were lying high and dry,
floated off, and were dashed against each other or carried down the
river. In every direction the surface of the water was overspread with
boats, timber, casks, household furniture and corpses. The scene on
dry land was yet more horrifying. Churches, government buildings, and
private houses, were all involved in the same ruin. Many thousands
of trembling fugitives had collected in the great square, when it
was discovered that flames were spreading in every quarter. Taking
advantage of the universal panic and confusion, a band of miscreants
had fired the city. Nothing could be done to stay the progress of
the flames, and for eight days they raged unchecked. Whatever the
earthquake had spared fell a prey to this new calamity. "It is not to
be expressed by human tongue," writes an eye-witness, "how dreadful
and how awful it was to enter the city after the fire was abated; and
looking upwards, one was struck with horror in beholding dead bodies,
by six or seven in a heap, crushed to death, half buried and half
burnt; and if one went through the broad places or squares, nothing was
to be met with but people bewailing their misfortunes, wringing their
hands, and crying, 'The world is at an end.' If you go out of the city,
you behold nothing but barracks, or tents made with canvass or ship's
sails, where the poor inhabitants lye."

Another eye-witness is still more graphic. "The terror of the people
was beyond description: nobody wept,--it was beyond tears;--they ran
hither and thither, delirious with horror and astonishment--beating
their faces and breasts--crying '_Misericordia_, the world's at
an end;' mothers forgot their children, and ran about loaded with
crucifixed images. Unfortunately, many ran to the churches for
protection; but in vain was the sacrament exposed; in vain did the poor
creatures embrace the altars; images, priests, and people, were buried
in one common ruin. * * * The prospect of the city was deplorable.
As you passed along the streets you saw shops of goods with the
shopkeepers buried with them, some alive crying out from under the
ruins, others half buried, others with broken limbs, in vain begging
for help; they were passed by crowds without the least notice or sense
of humanity. The people lay that night in the fields, which equalled,
if possible, the horrors of the day; the city all in flames; and if
you happened to forget yourself with sleep, you were awakened by the
tremblings of the earth and the howlings of the people. Yet the moon
shone, and the stars, with unusual brightness. Long wished-for day at
last appeared, and the sun rose with great splendour on the desolated
city. In the morning, some of the boldest, whose houses were not burnt,
ventured home for clothes, the want of which they had severely felt in
the night, and a blanket was now become of more value than a suit of
silk."


STRANGE CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.

Bridget Behan, of Castle-waller, in the county of Wicklow, Ireland,
retained the use of all her powers of body and mind to the close of
her long life, 110 years, in 1807. About six years preceding her death
she fell down stairs, and broke one of her thighs. Contrary to all
expectation, she not only recovered from the effects of the accident,
but actually, from thence, walked stronger on this leg, which,
previously to the accident, had been a little failing, than she had
done for many years before. Another remarkable circumstance relating
to this fracture was, that she became perfectly cured of a chronic
rheumatism of long standing, and from which on particular occasions she
had suffered a good deal of affliction. A short while before her death
she cut a new tooth.


SILVER TEA SERVICE WHICH BELONGED TO WILLIAM PENN.

[Illustration: [++] Silver Tea Service.]

Articles of ordinary use, however small may be their intrinsic value,
which have once been the property of men who have been good and
great--how rare the conjunction!--are always invested with a peculiar
interest. They often afford a clue to the tastes of those who once
possessed them. On this account we have great pleasure in laying
before our readers a representation of the silver tea-service which
belonged to the celebrated William Penn, the founder and legislator
of Pennsylvania, whom Montesquieu denominates the modern Lycurgus.
He was the son of Admiral Penn, was born at London in 1644, and was
educated at Christchurch, Oxford. At college he imbibed the principles
of Quakerism, and having endeavoured to disseminate them by preaching
in public, he was thrice thrown into prison. It was during his first
imprisonment that he wrote "_No Cross, no Crown_." In March, 1680-81,
he obtained from Charles II. the grant of that territory which now
bears the name of Pennsylvania. In 1682 he embarked for his new
colony; and in the following year he founded Philadelphia. He returned
to England in 1684, and died in July, 1718. He was a philosopher, a
legislator, an author, the friend of man, and, above all, a pious
Christian. In addition to the reasons above given, the sketch of
the tea-service is an object of curiosity, as showing the state of
silversmith's work in England, at the close of the seventeenth century,
for articles of domestic use.


CURIOUS FIGURES ON A SMALL SHRINE.

[Illustration: [++] Soldiers Watching the Body of Our Lord.]

The figures here given are copied from a curious little bronze,
strongly gilt, which was engraved in the "Gentleman's Magazine" for
1833, accompanied with a description, by A. J. Kempe, Esq., the author
of the letterpress to "Stothard's Monumental Effigies," whose intimate
knowledge in these matters enables him to well authenticate dates; and
he considers this relic may safely be attributed to the early part of
the twelfth century; it was discovered in the Temple Church, and had
originally formed a portion of a pyx, or small shrine, in which the
consecrated host was kept. Our engraving is more than half the size of
the original, which represents the soldiers watching the body of Our
Lord, who was, in mystical form, supposed to be enshrined in the pyx.
They wear scull-caps of the Phrygian form, with the nasal like those in
the Bayeux Tapestry; and the mailles or rings of the hauberk appear,
as in the armour there, sewn down, perhaps, on a sort of gambeson, but
not interlaced. They bear kite-shaped shields, raised to an obtuse
angle in the centre, and having large projecting bosses: the third of
these figures is represented beside the cut in profile, which will
enable the reader more clearly to detect its peculiarities. On two of
these shields are some approaches to armorial bearings; the first is
marked with four narrow bendlets; the second is fretted, the frets
being repeated in front of his helmet, or _chapelle de fer_: all the
helmets have the nasal. A long tunic, bordered, and in one instance
ornamented with cross-lines, or chequered, appears beneath the tunic.
The sword is very broad, and the spear carried by the first figure,
obtuse in the head,--a mark of its antiquity. The shoes are admirable
illustrations of that passage of Geoffry of Malmesbury, where,
representing the luxury of costume in which the English indulged at the
time when Henry I. began his reign, he says: "Then was there flowing
hair, and extravagant dress; and then was invented the fashion of shoes
with curved points: then the model for young men was to rival women in
delicacy of person, to mimic their gait, to walk with loose gesture,
half-naked." The curvature of the points of the shoes in the little
relic before us, in conformity with the custom censured by Malmesbury,
is quite remarkable. One turns up, another down; one to the left,
another to the right; and scarcely any two in the same direction.


THE QUEEN'S SHARKS.

The harbour of Trincomalee swarms with gigantic sharks, and strange to
relate, they are all under British protection; and if any one is found
molesting or injuring them, the fine is £10, or an imprisonment! How
this ridiculous custom originated, it is hard to say; but we are told,
that in the early days of British conquest in the East, sailors were
apt to desert, and seek refuge in the then inaccessible wilds of the
interior; and of later years, when civilisation has unbarred the gates
of Cingalese commerce to all nations of the world, the soldiers of
the regiment stationed at Trincomalee, discontented with their lot in
life, were wont to escape from the thraldom of the service, by swimming
off to American and other foreign vessels, preferring chance, under a
strange flag, to a hard certainty under their own. Thus the Queen's
sharks are duly protected as a sort of water-police for the prevention
of desertion both from the army and navy.


OLD VERSES ON QUEEN ELIZABETH.

The following quaint and curious verses are taken from a very old
volume, entitled _A Crowne Garland of Goulden Roses, Gathered out of
England's Royall Garden, &c., &c. By Richard Johnson_.

A SHORT AND SWEET SONNET MADE BY ONE OF THE MAIDES OF HONOR UPON THE
DEATHE OF QUEENE ELIZABETH, WHICH SHE SOWED UPON A SAMPLER IN RED SILKE.

_To a new tune, or "Phillida flouts me."_

    Gone is Elizabeth,
    Whom we have lov'd so deare;
    She our kind mistres was
    Full foure and forty yeare.

    England she govern'd well,
    Not to be blamed;
    Flanders she govern'd well
    And Ireland tamed.

    France she befrended,
    Spaine she hath foiled,
    Papists rejected,
    And the Pope spoyled.

    To princes powerfull,
    To the world vertuous,
    To her foes mercifull,
    To her subjects gracious.

    Her soule is in heaven,
    The world keeps her glory,
    Subjects her good deeds,
    And so ends my story.


RANELAGH.

Ranelagh, of which no traces now remain, was situated on part of
Chelsea Hospital garden, between Church Row and the river, to the east
of the Hospital. It takes its name from a house erected in 1691, by
Viscount Ranelagh. This house, in which the Viscount had resided from
the period of its being built, was sold in 1733 to an eminent builder
named Timbrell for £3,200, who advertised it for sale in the following
year, as a freehold with garden, kitchen garden, and offices, and a
smaller house and garden with fruit trees, coach-houses, &c., &c. These
were the first vicissitudes of Ranelagh, preparatory to its conversion
into a place of public amusement.

Walpole, in one of his entertaining letters to Mann, April 22nd, 1742,
thus speaks of the gardens, which were then unfinished:--

"I have been breakfasting this morning at Ranelagh Garden; they have
built an immense ampitheatre, with balconies full of little alehouses;
it is in rivalry to Vauxhall, and cost above twelve thousand pounds.
The building is not finished, but they got great sums by people going
to see it and breakfasting in the house: there were yesterday no less
than three hundred and eighty persons, at eighteen-pence a piece."
Again, under the date May 26th, 1742, he writes to his friend as
follows:--

"Two nights ago, Ranelagh Gardens were opened at Chelsea; the prince,
princess, duke, much nobility, and much mob besides were there. There
is a vast ampitheatre, finely gilt, painted, and illuminated; into
which everybody that loves eating, drinking, staring, or crowding, is
admitted for twelve pence. The building and disposition of the gardens
cost sixteen thousand pounds. Twice a week there are to be ridottos at
guinea tickets, for which you are to have a supper and music. I was
there last night, but did not find the joy of it. Vauxhall is a little
better, for the garden is pleasanter, and one goes by water."

"The only defect in the elegance and beauty of the ampitheatre at
Ranelagh," says the _London Chronicle_ for August, 1763, "is an
improper and inconvenient orchestra, which, breaking into the area
of that superb room about twenty feet farther than it ought to do,
destroys the symmetry of the whole, and diffuses the sound of music
with such irregular rapidity, that the harmonious articulations escape
the nicest ear when placed in the most commodious attitude; it also
hurts the eye upon your first entry.

"To remedy these defects, a plan has been drawn by Messrs. Wale
and Gwin, for adding a new orchestra, which being furnished with a
well-proportioned curvature over it, will contract into narrower bounds
the modulations of the voice, and render every note more distinctly
audible. It will, by its form, operate upon the musical sounds, in the
same manner as concave glasses affect the rays of light, by collecting
them into a focus. The front of this orchestra being planned so as
to range parallel to the balustrade, the whole area also will be
disencumbered of every obstruction that might incommode the audience
in their circular walk. There is likewise provision made in this plan
for a stage capable of containing 30 or 40 performers, to officiate as
chorus-singers, or otherwise assist in giving additional solemnity on
any extraordinary occasion."

"At Ranelagh House, on the 12th of May, 1767," says the _Gentleman's
Magazine_, "were performed (in the new orchestra) the much admired
catches and glees, selected from the curious collection of the Catch
Club; being the first of the kind publickly exhibited in this or any
other kingdom. The entertainments consisted of the favourite catches
and glees, composed by the most eminent masters of the last and present
age, by a considerable number of the best vocal and instrumental
performers. The choral and instrumental parts were added, to give the
the catches and glees their proper effect in so large an amphitheatre;
being composed for that purpose by Dr. Arne."

The Rotunda, or amphitheatre, was 185 feet in diameter, with an
orchestra in the centre, and tiers of boxes all round. The chief
amusement was promenading (as it was called) round and round the
circular area below, and taking refreshments in the boxes while the
orchestra and vocalists executed different pieces of music. It was a
kind of 'Vauxhall under cover,' warmed with coal fires. The rotunda
is said to have been projected by Lacy, the patentee of Drury Lane
Theatre. "The _coup d'oeil_," Dr. Johnson declared, "was the finest
thing he had ever seen."

The last great event in the history of Ranelagh was the installation
ball of the knights of the Bath, in 1802, shortly after which the place
was pulled down.


THE FIRST EAST INDIA HOUSE.

[Illustration: [++] The First East India House.]

The tradition is, that the East India Company, incorporated December
31st, 1600, first transacted their business in the great room of the
Nag's Head Inn, opposite St. Botolph's Church, Bishopsgate Street.
The maps of London, soon after the Great Fire of 1666, place the
India House on a part of its present site in Leadenhall Street. Here
originally stood the mansion of Alderman Kerton, built in the reign of
Edward VI., rebuilt on the accession of Elizabeth, and enlarged by its
next purchaser, Sir W. Craven, Lord Mayor in 1610. Here was born the
great Lord Craven, who, in 1701, leased his house and a tenement in
Lime Street to the Company at £100 a year. A scarce Dutch etching, in
the British Museum, of which the annexed engraving is a correct copy,
shows this house to have been half timbered, its lofty gable surmounted
with two dolphins and a figure of a mariner, or, as some say, of the
first governor; beneath are mecrhant ships at sea, the royal arms,
and those of the Company. This grotesque structure was taken down in
1726, and upon its site was erected the old East India House, portions
of which yet remain; although the present stone front, 200 feet long,
and a great part of the house, were built in 1798 and 1799, and
subsequently enlarged by Cockerell, R.A., and Wilkins, R.A.


ADVERTISEMENTS IN THE LAST CENTURY.

The following strange advertisements have been culled at random from
magazines and newspapers _circa_ 1750. They give us a good idea of the
manners and tastes of that period:--

"Whereas a tall young Gentleman above the common size, dress'd in a
yellow-grounded flowered velvet (supposed to be a Foreigner), with a
Solitair round his neck and a glass in his hand, was narrowly observed
and much approved of by a certain young lady at the last Ridotto. This
is to acquaint the said young Gentleman, if his heart is entirely
disengaged, that if he will apply to A. B. at Garaway's Coffee House in
Exchange Alley, he may be directed to have an interview with the said
young lady, which may prove greatly to his advantage. Strict secresy on
the Gentleman's side will be depended on."

"A Lady who had on a Pink-coloured Capuchin, edged with Ermine, a black
Patch near her right eye, sat in a front seat in the next Side Box but
one to the Stage on Wednesday night at Drury Lane Playhouse; if that
Lady is single and willing to treat on terms of honour and generosity
of a married state, it would be deemed a favour to receive a line
directed to C. D., at Clifford's Inn Old Coffee House, how she may be
address'd, being a serious affair."

"To be seen this week, in a large commodious room at the George Inn, in
Fenchurch-street, near Aldgate, the Porcupine Man and his Son, which
has given such great satisfaction to all that ever saw them: their
solid quills being not to be numbered nor credited till seen; but give
universal satisfaction to all that ever saw them; the youth being
allowed by all to be of a beautiful and fine complexion, and great
numbers resort daily to see them."

"A Bullfinch, that pipes 'Britons rouse up your great magnanimity,' at
command, also talks, is to be sold at the Cane Shop facing New Broad
street, Moorfields; likewise to be sold, two Starlings that whistle and
talk extremely plain.

  "Great variety of fine long Walking Canes."


THEODORA DE VERDION.

This singular woman was born in 1744, at Leipsic, in Germany, and
died at her lodgings, in Upper Charles-street, Hatton Garden, London,
1802. She was the only daughter of an architect of the name of Grahn,
who erected several edifices in the city of Berlin, particularly the
Church of St. Peter's. She wrote an excellent hand, and had learned
the mathematics, the French, Italian, and English languages, and
possessed a complete knowledge of her native tongue. Upon her arrival
in England she commenced teaching of the German language, under the
name of Dr. John de Verdion.

In her exterior, she was extremely grotesque, wearing a bag wig, a
large cocked hat, three or four folio books under one arm, and an
umbrella under the other, her pockets completely filled with small
volumes, and a stick in her right hand. She had a good knowledge of
English books; many persons entertained her for her advice relative
to purchasing them. She obtained a comfortable subsistence from
teaching and translating foreign languages, and by selling books
chiefly in foreign literature. She taught the Duke of Portland the
German language, and was always welcomed to his house, the Prussian
Ambassador to our Court received from her a knowledge of the English
language; and several distinguished noblemen she frequently visited
to instruct them in the French tongue; she also taught Edward Gibbon,
the celebrated Roman Historian, the German language, previous to his
visiting that country. This extraordinary female has never been known
to have appeared in any other but the male dress, since her arrival in
England, where she remained upwards of thirty years; and upon occasions
she would attend court, decked in very superb attire; and was well
remembered about the streets of London; and particularly frequent in
attending book auctions, and would buy to a large amount, sometimes a
coachload. Here her singular figure generally made her the jest of the
company. Her general purchase at these sales was odd volumes, which she
used to carry to other booksellers, and endeavour to sell, or exchange
for other books. She was also a considerable collector of medals
and foreign coins of gold and silver; but none of these were found
after her decease. She frequented the Furnival's Inn Coffee-house,
in Holborn, dining there almost every day; she would have the first
of every thing in season, and was as strenuous for a large quantity,
as she was dainty in the quality of what she chose for her table.
At times, it is well-known, she could dispense with three pounds of
solid meat; and we are very sorry to say, she was much inclined to the
dreadful sin of drunkenness. Her death was occasioned by falling down
stairs, and she was, after much affliction, at length compelled to make
herself known to a German physician, who prescribed for her, when the
disorder she had, turned to a dropsy, defied all cure, and finished the
life of so remarkable a female.


DRIVING STAGS LIKE CATTLE.

Buried at Disley, Cheshire, June 2nd, 1753, Mr. Joseph Watson, in the
105th year of his age. He was born at Moseley Common, in the parish of
Leigh, in the county of Lancaster; and married his wife from Etchells,
near Manchester, in the said county. They were an happy couple 72
years. She died in the 94th year of her age. He was park-keeper to
the late Peter Leigh, Esq., of Lime, and his father used to drive and
show red deer to most of the nobility and gentry in that part of the
kingdom, to the general satisfaction of all who ever saw them; for he
could have driven and commanded them at his pleasure, as if they had
been common horned-cattle. In the reign of Queen Anne, Squire Leigh was
at Macclesfield, in Cheshire, in company with a number of gentlemen,
amongst whom was Sir Roger Mason, who was then one of the members for
the said county; they being merry and free, Squire Leigh said his
keeper should drive 12 brace of stags to the Forest of Windsor, a
present to the Queen. Sir Roger opposed it with a wager of 500 guineas,
saying that neither his keeper, nor any other person, could drive 12
brace of red deer from Lime Park to Windsor Forest on any account. So
Squire Leigh accepted the wager from Sir Roger, and immediately sent
a messenger to Lime for his keeper, who directly came to his master,
who told him he must immediately prepare himself to drive 12 brace
of stags to Windsor Forest, for a wager of 500 guineas. He gave the
Squire, his master, this answer, that he would, at his command, drive
him 12 brace of stags to Windsor Forest, or to any part of the kingdom
by his worship's direction, or he would lose his life and fortune. He
undertook, and accomplished this most astonishing performance, which
is not to be equalled in the annals of the most ancient history. He
was a man of low stature, not bulky, of a fresh complexion, pleasant
countenance, and he believed he had drank a gallon of malt liquor a
day, one day with another, for above sixty years of his time.


ECCENTRIC WILL.

The following will, as an exhibition of strange eccentricity, is not
inappropriate to our pages. Mr. Tuke, of Wath, near Rotherham, who died
in 1810, bequeathed one penny to every child that attended his funeral
(there came from 600 to 700); 1s. to every poor woman in Wath; 10s.
6d. to the ringers to ring one peal of grand bobs, which was to strike
off while they were putting him into the grave. To seven of the oldest
navigators, one guinea for puddling him up in his grave. To his natural
daughter, £4 4s. per annum. To his old and faithful servant, Joseph
Pitt, £21 per annum. To an old woman who had for eleven years tucked
him up in bed, £1 1s. only. Forty dozen penny loaves to be thrown from
the church leads at twelve o'clock on Christmas day for ever. Two
handsome brass chandeliers for the church, and £20 for a set of new
chimes.


EXTRAORDINARY FROST.

As an instance of great rarity in England of the severity of a frost,
it is worth notice, that in January, 1808, the rain froze as it fell,
and in London the umbrellas were so stiffened that they could not be
closed. Birds had their feathers frozen so that they could not fly, and
many were picked up as they lay helpless on the ground.


ANCIENT SNUFF-BOXES.

These ancient snuff-boxes furnish proof of the love of our ancestors
for the titillating powder. An admiring writer of the last century,
reflecting on the curious and precious caskets in which snuff was then
imprisoned, asks--

    "What strange and wondrous virtue must there be,
     And secret charm, O snuff! concealed in thee,
     That bounteous nature and inventive art,
     Bedecking thee thus all their powers exert."

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Snuff Boxes.]

But every age, since snuff was in use, appears to have cherished
great regard for the beauty and costliness of its snuff boxes, and
even at the present time, the snuff box is the recognised vehicle of
the highest honour a corporation can bestow. Those here represented
are not so much boxes as bottles. They are richly and elaborately
ornamented with sporting subjects, and no doubt once belonged to some
famous personage. Judging of their very antique form and figures, we
are inclined to think they must have been in use earlier than it is
generally supposed that snuff was introduced into this country.


SEEING THE FIRST AND THE LAST OF TWO GENERATIONS.

Frances Barton, of Horsley, Derbyshire, died 1789, aged 107. She
followed the profession of a midwife during the long period of eighty
years. Her husband had been sexton of the parish seventy years; so that
this aged pair frequently remarked, that _she_ had twice brought into
the world, and _he_ had twice buried, the whole parish. Her faculties,
her memory in particular, were remarkably good, so that she was enabled
well to remember the Revolution in 1688, and being present at a merry
making on that glorious occasion.


THE EARLIEST HACKNEY-COACH.

[Illustration: [++] The Earliest Hackney-Coach.]

The above is a correct representation of one of the earliest forms in
which coaches for hire were first made. They were called Hackney, not,
as is erroneously supposed, from their being first used to carry the
citizens of London to their villas in the suburb of Hackney, but from
the word "hack," which signifies to offer any article for sale or hire.
Hackney coaches were first established in 1634, and the event is thus
mentioned in one of _Strafford's Letters_, dated April in that year:--

"One Captain Bailey hath erected some four _Hackney-coaches_, put
his men in livery, and appointed them to stand, at the May-pole in
the Strand, giving them instructions at what rates to carry men into
several parts of the town, where all day they may be had. Other
hackney-men seeing this way, they flock to the same place, and perform
their journeys at the same rate. So that sometimes there is twenty of
them together, which disperse up and down; that they and others are to
be had everywhere, as watermen are to be had by the water-side. * * *
Everybody is much pleased with it."


A UNIQUE LIBRARY.

A singular library existed in 1535, at Warsenstein, near Cassel; the
books composing it, or rather the substitutes for them, being made of
wood, and every one of them is a specimen of some different tree. The
back is formed of its bark, and the sides are constructed of polished
pieces of the same stock. When put together, the whole forms a box;
and inside of it are stored the fruit, seed, and leaves, together with
the moss which grows on the trunk, and the insects which feed upon the
tree; every volume corresponds in size, and the collection altogether
has an excellent effect.


DRESS FORTY YEARS AGO.

Caricature, even by its very exaggeration, often gives us a better idea
of many things than the most exact sketches could do. This is more
especially the case with respect to dress, a proof of which is here
given by the three caricatures which we now lay before our readers.
They are copied from plates published at the period to which they
refer, and how completely do they convey to us a notion of the fashions
of the day!

[Illustration: [++] Caricature of Dress.]

With the peace of 1815 commenced a new era in English history; and
within the few years immediately preceding and following it, English
society went through a remarkably rapid change; a change, as far as
we can see, of a decidedly favourable kind. The social condition of
public sentiment and public morals, literature, and science, were all
improved. As the violent internal agitation of the country during the
regency increased the number of political caricatures and satirical
writings, so the succession of fashions, varying in extravagance,
which characterised the same period, produced a greater number of
caricatures on dress and on fashionable manners than had been seen at
any previous period. During the first twelve or fifteen years of the
present century, the general character of the costume appears not to
have undergone any great change. The two figures here given represent
the mode in 1810.

A few years later the fashionable costume furnished an extraordinary
contrast with that just represented. The waist was again shortened, as
well as the frock and petticoat, and, instead of concealment, it seemed
to be the aim of the ladies to exhibit to view as much of the body
as possible. The fops of 1819 and 1820 received the name of dandies,
the ladies that of dandizettes. The accompanying cut is from a rather
broadly caricatured print of a dandizette of the year 1819. It must
be considered only as a type of the general character of the foppish
costume of the period; for in no time was there ever such a variety of
forms in the dresses of both sexes as at the period alluded to.

We give with the same reservation, a figure of a dandy, from a
caricature of the same year. The number of caricatures on the dandies
and dandizettes, and on their fopperies and follies, during the years
1819, 1820, and 1821, was perfectly astonishing.

[Illustration: Dandizette.]

[Illustration: Dandy.]


FASHIONABLE DISFIGUREMENT.

[Illustration: [++] Patching of the Face.]

The extent to which people may be led to disfigure themselves by a
blind compliance with the fashion of the day, was never more strikingly
displayed than in the custom of dotting the face with black patches of
different patterns. It might easily be supposed that the annexed sketch
is a caricature, but such is not the case; it is a correct likeness of
a lady of the time of Charles the First, with her face in full dress.
Patching was much admired during the reign of that sovereign, and for
several succeeding years. Some authors think that the fashion came
originally from Arabia. No sooner was it brought to England and France,
than it became an absolute _fureur_. In the former country, old and
young, the maiden of sixteen and the grey-haired grandmama, covered
their faces with these black spots, shaped like suns, moons, stars,
hearts, crosses, and lozenges; and some even, as in the instance
before us, carried the mode to the extravagant extent of shaping the
patches to represent a carriage and horses.


A REMARKABLE OLD MAN.

Mr. Ingleby, of Battle Abbey, Sussex, died 1798, aged 117. He had
been for upwards of ninety-five years a domestic in the family of
Lady Webster. The following narrative of this remarkable man is by a
gentleman who visited him in the autumn of 1797:--

"To my great surprise," he says, "I found Mr. Ingleby in a situation
very far removed from the luxuries of life, or the place which might
be deemed necessary for his years. He was in an antique outbuilding,
near the Castle Gate, where his table was spread under an arched roof;
nearly the whole of the building being filled with billet-wood, and
scarcely affording room for the oaken bench on which this wonder of
longevity was reclining by the fire. His dress was a full-bottomed
wig, and a chocolate-coloured suit of clothes with yellow buttons. His
air and demeanour was pensive and solemn; though there was nothing
in his look which impressed the mind with the idea of a person more
than fourscore years old, except a slight falling of the under jaw,
which bespoke a more advanced age. We were introduced by a matron, who
served as a sort of interpreter between us--Mr. Ingleby's deafness
not permitting any regular conversation. When the nurse explained
our errand, he replied, in a very distinct but hollow voice, 'I am
much obliged to the gentlemen for the favour they do me; but I am not
well, and unable to converse with them.' He then turned his face to
the higher part of the bench on which he reclined, and was silent.
In each of his withered hands he held a short, rude, beechen walking
stick, about three feet high, by the help of which he was accustomed
not only to walk about the extensive premises in which he passed the
most part of his life, but also to take his little rambles about the
town; and once (for, occasionally, the old gentleman was irascible,)
he set out on a pedestrian excursion to Hastings, _to inquire for
another situation in service_, because his patroness desired him to
be more attentive to personal neatness. It is but justice to the lady
alluded to, to add, that the uncouth abode in which Mr. Ingleby dwelt
was the only one in which he could be persuaded to reside, and which
long familiarity had rendered dear to him. The choice appeared very
extraordinary; but such persons, in their conduct, are seldom governed
by the fixed and settled rules by which human life is ordinarily
regulated."


CURIOUS MANUSCRIPT.

A very curious manuscript was presented to the Antiquarian Society
of Yorkshire in 1828. It contains sundry rules to be observed by
the household of Henry the 8th, and enjoins the following singular
particulars:--"None of his Highness's attendants to _steal_ any
locks, or keys, tables, forms, cupboards, or other furniture, out
of noblemen's, or gentlemen's, houses where he goes to visit. No
herald, minstrel, falconer, or other, to bring to the Court any boy or
_rascal_; nor to keeps lads or rascals in Court to do their business
for them. Master cooks not to employ such scullions as shall go about
_naked, or lie all night on the ground_ before the kitchen fire. Dinner
to be at _ten_, and supper at _four_. The Knight Marshal to take
care that all such unthrifty and common women as follow the Court be
banished. The proper officers are, between six and seven o'clock every
morning, to make the fire in and _straw_ his Highness's Privy Chamber.
Officers of his Highness's Privy Chamber to keep secret every thing
said or done, leaving hearkening or inquiring where the King is or
goes, be it early or late, without grudging, mumbling, or talking of
the King's past time, late or early going to bed, or any other matter.
Coal only allowed to the King's, Queen's, and Lady Mary's Chambers.
The Queen's Maids of Honour to have a chet loaf, a manchet, a _gallon
of ale_, and a chine of beef, for their _breakfasts_. Among the fishes
for the table is a porpoise, and if it is too big for a _horse-load_, a
further allowance is made for it to the purveyor." The manuscript ends
with several proclamations. One is "to take up and punish strong and
mighty beggars, rascals, and vagabonds, who hang about the Court."


WONDERFUL ESCAPE.

In 1809, a barge was going along the new cut from Paddington with
casks of spirits and barrels of gunpowder. It is supposed that one of
the crew bored a hole in a powder-barrel by mistake, meaning to steal
spirits; the gimlet set fire to the powder, and eleven other barrels
were driven to the distance of 150 yards; but only the single barrel
exploded.


DAVID HUME ON HIS OWN DEATH.

The letter which we here lay before our readers was addressed by David
Hume to the Countess de Boufflers, and is supposed to be the last
that was ever written by that great historian, as he died only five
days afterwards, August 25th. With what calmness did that illustrious
philosopher contemplate the rapid approach of his own death!

The letter was torn at the places where the words are printed in
italics:

  "Edinburgh, 20th of August, 1776.

"Tho' I am certainly within a few weeks, dear Madam, and perhaps within
a few days, of my own death, I could not forbear being struck with the
death of the Prince of Conti, so great a loss in every particular. My
reflection carried me immediately to your situation in this melancholy
incident. What a difference to you in your whole plan of life! Pray,
write me some particulars; but in such terms that you need not care, in
_event_ of decease, into whose hands your letter may fall.

"_My_ distemper is a diarrhoea, or disorder in my bowels, which has
_been_ gradually undermining me these two years; but within these six
months has been visibly hastening me to my end. I see death approach
gradually without any anxiety or regret. I salute you with great
affection and regard for the last time.

  "DAVID HUME."


SCRIPTURAL ANTIQUITIES.

[Illustration: A. Drum, or Timbrel, of Baked Potter's Clay.--AA. Drum
in use in the East.--B. Harp.--C. Lutes.--D. Inscribed Stone.--E.
Sandals.]

The rude musical instruments here represented, have been collected by
modern travellers, and are but little changed from the ancient forms.
The drum or timbrel marked A, is made of thin baked clay, something in
the shape of a bottle, with parchment stretched over the wider part. On
being struck with the finger, this instrument makes a remarkably loud
sound. These relics are lodged in the London Scriptural Museum, and are
all ticketed with the texts they serve to illustrate. This arrangement
is very judicious, and gives a great additional interest to the sacred
objects while under inspection.

[Illustration: 1. Distaff.--2. Roman Farthing.--3. Stone Money
Weights.--4. Hand Mill. 5. Eastern Wine and Water Bottles.]

The distaff was the instrument which wrought the materials for the
robes of the Egyptian Kings, and for the "little coat" which Hannah
made for Samuel; by it, too, were wrought the cloths, and other fabrics
used in Solomon's temple. By reference to the above engraving, it will
be seen that nothing can be more simple than this ancient instrument,
which is a sort of wooden skewer, round which the flax is wrapped; it
is then spun on the ground in the same manner as a boy's top, and the
thread wrought off, and wound upon a reel shown in the foreground of
the picture. "Querns," or stone hand-mills of various sizes, similar
to that represented in our engraving, have been repeatedly found
in connection with Roman, Saxon, and other ancient remains in this
country. They are still to be met with in constant use over the greater
part of India, in Africa, and also those districts of the East which
are more particularly associated with Holy Writ. It may be worth while
to mention that this description of mill is an improvement upon the
method of simply crushing the corn laid on a flat stone with another
held in the hand. The "Quern" is a hard stone roughly rounded, and
partly hollowed, into which another stone, which has a handle, is
loosely fitted. The corn required to be ground is placed in the hollow
receptacle, and the inner stone is moved rapidly round, and, in course
of time, by immense labour, the wheat &c. is ground into flour. The
Scripture prophecies mention that of two women grinding at the mill,
one shall be left, and the other taken--the two-handled mill will
explain the meaning of this passage.


CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE OF REMARKABLE EVENTS.

The following curious table is extracted _literatim_ from Arthur
Hopton's _Concordancie of Years_, 1615:--

1077.--A blazing star on Palm Sunday, nere the sun.

1100.--The yard (measure) made by Henry I.

1116.--The moone seemed turned into bloud.

1128.--Men wore haire like women.

1180.--Paris in France, and London in Englande, paued, and
       thatching in both left, because all Luberick was spoiled
       thereby with fire.

1189.--Robin Hood and Little John lived. This yeare London
       obtained to be gouerned by sheriffes and maiors.

1205.--By reason of a frost from January to March wheate was sold
       for a marke the quarter, which before was at 12 pence. _Anno
       Regni_ 6. John.

1209.--London bridge builded with stone; and this yeare the
       citizens of London had a grant to choose them a maior.

1227.--The citizens of London had libertie to hunt a certain
       distance about the citie, and to passe toll-free through
       England.

1231.--Thunder lasted fifteen daies; beginning the morrow after
       St. Martin's day.

1233.--Four sunnes appeared, beside the true sunne, of a red colour.

1235.--The Jews of Norwich stole a boy and circumcised him,
       minding to have crucified him at Easter.

1247.--The king farmed Queene-hiue for fifty pounds per annum, to
       the citizens.

1252.--Great tempests upon the sea, and fearful; and this year the
       king (Henry III.) granted, that wheretofore the citizens of
       London were to present the maior before the king, wheresoeuer
       he were, that now barons of the exchequer should serue.

1292.--The Jewes corrupting England with vsury, had first a badge
       giuen them to weare, that they might be knowne, and after were
       banished to the number of 150,000 persons.


1313.--This yeare the king of France burned all his leporous and
       pocky people, as well men as women: for that he supposed they
       had poysoned the waters, which caused his leprosie. About this
       time, also, the Jews had a purpose to poyson all the
       Christians, by poysoning all their springs.

1361.--Men and beasts perished in diuers places with thunder and
       lightning, and fiends were seene speake unto men as they
       trauelled.

1372.--The first bailiffes, in Shrewsbury.

1386.--The making of gunnes found; and rebels in Kent and Essex, who
       entred London, beheaded all lawyers, and burnt houses and all
       bookes of law.

1388.--Picked shooes, tyed to their knees with siluer chaines were
       vsed. And women with long gownes rode in side-saddles, like
       the queene, that brought side-saddles first to England; for
       before they rode astrid.

1401.--Pride exceeding in monstrous apparrell.

1411.--Guildhall in London begun.

1417.--A decree for lantherne and candle-light in London.

1427.--Rain from the 1st of Aprill to Hollontide.

1510.--St. John's College in Cambridge being an ancient hostell, was
       conuerted to a college by the executors of the Countesse of
       Richmond and Derby, and mother of Henry VII., in this yeare, as
       her will was.

1552.--The new service book in English.

1555.--The first use of coaches in England.

1606.--The cawsies about London taken down.

1610.--Britaines Bursse builded. Hix Hall builded. Aldgate builded
       new. Sutton's Hospitall founded. Moore fields new railed and
       planted with trees. Westminster palace paued.


COCK-FIGHTING AT SCHOOLS.

Many years ago the scholars at our large schools had regular
cock-fights, which would appear to have been an affair of the school,
recognised by the masters, and the charges for which were defrayed
by them, to be afterwards paid by the parents, just as some innocent
excursions and festivities are managed now a days. The credit of the
school was, without doubt, often involved in the proper issue of the
fight.

Sir James Mackintosh, when at school at Fortrose in 1776-7, had this
entry in his account, in which books were charged 3s. 6d.:--

  To cocks'-fight dues for 2 years, 2s. 6d. each, 5s.

Associated are three months' fees at the dancing-school, minuet,
country-dances, and hornpipe, &c. Cock-fighting up to the end of
the last century was a very general amusement, and an occasion for
gambling. It entered into the occupations of the old and young.
Travellers agreed with coachmen that they were to wait a night if
there was a cock-fight in any town through which they passed. A battle
between two cocks had five guineas staked upon it. Fifty guineas, about
the year 1760, depended upon the main or odd battle. This made the
decision of a "long main," at cock-fighting an important matter. The
church bells at times announced the winning of a "long main." Matches
were sometimes so arranged as to last the week. When country gentlemen
had sat long at table, and the conversation had turned upon the
relative merits of their several birds, a cock-fight often resulted, as
the birds in question were brought for the purpose into the dining-room.


COMMON TRAVELLING.

[Illustration: [++] Common Travelling Dress.]

We have here the common travelling dress in use at the commencement
of the 12th century, _tempus_ Henry I. and Stephen. The original is
intended for the Saviour meeting the two disciples on the road to
Emmaus. The Saviour wears an under tunic, and his mantle, fastened by a
narrow band across the chest, is held up by the right hand. The figures
of the disciples are, however, the most curious, the central one
particularly so, as he would seem to wear a dress expressly invented
for travelling: his large round hat, with its wide brim, seems to be
the original of the pilgrim's hat so well known in later times, and
which formed so distinguishing a mark in their costume. His short green
tunic, well adapted for journeying, is protected by a capacious mantle
of skin, provided with a "capa" or cowl, to draw over the head, and
which was frequently used instead of a hat. He wears white breeches
ornamented with red cross-stripes; they end at the ankle, where they
are secured by a band or garter, the foot being covered by close shoes.
His companion wears the common cap so frequently met with, and he has
his face ornamented to profusion by moustaches and beard, each lock
of which appears to be most carefully separated and arranged in the
nicest order. He has an under-tunic of white, and an upper one of red,
and a white mantle bordered with gold; he also wears the same kind of
breeches, reaching to the ankle, but he has no shoes, which frequently
appears to have been the case when persons were on a journey.


FASHIONABLE DANCES OF THE LAST CENTURY.

The style of dancing which was fashionable at the latter part of the
last century, may be seen from the following advertisement from a
dancing-master, which we have copied from a newspaper of the year
1775:--

"At Duke's Long Room, in Paternoster Row, Grown Gentlemen or Ladies
are taught a Minuet, or the Method of Country Dances, with the modern
Method of Footing; and that in the genteelest, and most expeditious,
and private Manner. And for the greater expedition of such gentlemen,
as chuse to dance in company, there's a complete Set of Gentlemen
assembled every Monday and Wednesday evening for the said purpose.
Gentlemen or Ladies may be waited on at their own Houses by favouring
me with a line directed as above. Likewise to be had at my House, as
above, a Book of Instructions for the figuring part of Country Dances,
with the Figure of the Minuet annex'd thereon, drawn out in Characters,
and laid down in such a Manner, that at once casting your Eye on it,
you see the Figure directly form'd as it is to be done; so that a
person, even that had never learnt, might, by the help of this book,
soon make himself Master of the figuring Part. Such as reside in the
Country, I doubt not, would find it of immediate Service, as they have
not always an Opportunity of having Recourse to a Dancing Master. Price
10s. 6d. N. Dukes, Dancing Master."


PREACHING FRIARS.

[Illustration: [++] Preaching Friar.]

In the romance of "St. Graal," executed in the fourteenth century, we
have this representation of one of these preaching friars in his rude
portable pulpit. From the contrast afforded by their mendicancy, and
enthusiasm in teaching, to the pride and riches of the higher clergy,
and their constant mixing with the people, they became excessively
popular. The preacher in the cut has a crowded and attentive audience
(though one lady seems inclined to nap); the costume of the entire
body, who are all seated, after a primitive fashion, on the bare
ground, is worthy of note, and may be received as a fair picture of the
commonalty of England about the year 1350.


THE ECCENTRIC LADY LEWSON.

Mrs. Jane Lewson, widow, of No. 12, Coldbath Square, London, died 1816,
aged 116. Mrs. Lewson, from the very eccentric style of her dress,
was almost universally recognised as _Lady_ Lewson. She was born in
Essex Street, Strand, in the year 1700, during the reign of William
and Mary; and was married at an early age to a wealthy gentleman then
living in the house in which she died. She became a widow at the early
age of 26, having only one child, a daughter, living at the time. Mrs.
Lewson being left by her husband in affluent circumstances, though
she had many suitors, preferred to remain in a state of widowhood.
When her daughter married, being left alone, she became very fond of
retirement, and rarely went out or permitted the visits of any person.
For the last thirty years of her life she had kept no servant, except
one old female, who died in 1806; she was succeeded by the old woman's
granddaughter, who was married about 1813; and she was followed in
the situation by an old man, who attended the different houses in
the square to go on errands, clean shoes, &c. Mrs. Lewson took this
man into her house, and he acted as her steward, butler, cook, and
housemaid; and with the exception of two old lap-dogs and a cat, he was
her only companion. The house she occupied was elegantly furnished,
but after the old style; the beds were kept constantly made, although
they had not been slept in for about fifty years. Her apartment was
only occasionally swept out, but never washed; the windows were so
encrusted with dirt that they hardly admitted a ray of light to pass
through them. She had used to tell her acquaintances that if the rooms
were wetted, it might be the occasion of her taking cold; and as to
cleaning the windows, she observed that many accidents happened through
that ridiculous practice; the glass might be broke, and the person
wounded, when the expense of repairing the one, and curing the other,
would both fall upon her. A large garden at the rear of the house was
the only thing connected with her establishment to which she really
paid attention. This was always kept in good order; and here, when
the weather permitted, she enjoyed the air, or sometimes sat and read
by way of pastime; or else chatted on times past with any of the few
remaining acquaintances whose visits she permitted. She seldom visited
any person except Mr. Jones, a grocer at the corner of the square,
with whom she dealt. She was so partial to the fashions prevailing in
her youthful days, that she never changed the manner of her dress from
that worn by ladies in the reign of George the First. She always wore
powder with a large _toupée_ made of horsehair on her head, nearly
half a foot high, over which her front hair was turned up; a cap over
it, which knotted under the chin, and three or four curls hanging down
her neck. She generally wore silk gowns, the train long with a deep
flounce all round, a very long narrow waist, very tightly laced up to
her neck, round which was a ruff or frill. The sleeves of her gown, to
which four or five large ruffles were attached, came below the elbow;
a large straw bonnet, quite flat, high-heeled shoes, a full-made black
silk cloak trimmed round with lace, and a gold-headed cane, completed
her every-day costume for the last eighty years of her life, and in
which habiliments she occasionally walked round the square, when she
was uniformly spoken of by all spectators as _Lady Lewson_. She never
practised ablutions of any kind, or hardly in any degree, because, as
she alleged, those persons who washed themselves were always taking
cold, or laying the foundation of some dreadful disorder. Her method
was to besmear her face and neck all over with hog's lard, because
that was soft and lubricating; and then, because she required a little
colour in her cheeks to set off her person to advantage, she had used
to paint them with rose-pink. Her manner of living was so methodical,
that she would not take her tea out of any other than a favourite
cup. She was equally particular with respect to her knives, forks,
plates, &c. At breakfast she arranged, in a particular manner, the
paraphernalia of her table: at dinner she always observed a particular
rule as to the placing of the two or three empty chairs, by which the
table was surrounded, but herself always sat in one favourite chair.
She constantly enjoyed an excellent state of health; assisted at all
times in regulating the affairs of her household; and never, until a
little previous to her decease, had an hour's illness. She entertained
the greatest aversion to medicine; and, what is remarkable, cut two
new teeth at the age of 87, and was never troubled with the toothache.
Towards the close of her life her sight failed her. She lived in five
reigns, and was believed to be the most faithful living chronicler of
the age. A few days previous to her decease, an old lady who was her
neighbour died suddenly, which had such an effect upon her that she
frequently said her time was also come, and she should soon follow.
She enjoyed the use of all her faculties till that period, when she
became weak and took to her bed; but steadily refused all medical aid.
Her conduct to a few relations was extremely capricious; and she would
never see any of them; and it was not until a few hours before her
dissolution that any relaxation in her temper was manifested. She was
interred in Bunhill Fields burying-ground.


WHEN FIRE ENGINES WERE FIRST MADE.

The Phoenix was the first fire-office established, in 1682. There were
used, in towns, squirts or syringes, for extinguishing fire, which
did not exceed two or three feet in length. These yielded to the Fire
Engine, with leathern pipes, which was patented in 1676. Water-tight,
seamless hose was made in Bethnal Green in 1720. About this date--

                                                £  s. d.
  A fire engine and pipe for Lyme cost          6  0  0
  A square pipe, 23 feet long                   1 18  0
  12 leather fire-buckets                       2  3  3

A Fire Engine was considered an appropriate present for an aspirant to
a borough. At Lewes, in 1726, T. Pelham, Esq., gave one, and having
been chosen representative in 1731, he presented a second.


EXTRAORDINARY CATARACT.

[Illustration: [++] Cataract in Pulo Penang.]

In the Island of Pulo Penang, in the Straits of Malacca, there is a
cataract which is surpassed by very few in the four quarters of the
earth. It is rarely visited, and, therefore, has been but seldom
described; but those who have been fortunate enough to witness it all
agree in the opinion that it forms one of the wonders of the world.
The stream which supplies it is of considerable volume, and after
traversing a long tract of comparatively level country, is suddenly
precipitated almost without a break into a ravine nearly two hundred
feet below the summit of the fall. The annexed engraving gives an
excellent representation of the scene. The stream descends with a
mighty roar, and rushes on with a lightning speed. If you take the
trouble of bringing a small looking-glass in your pocket, and come
here about an hour before noon, you will be able to produce some very
beautiful artificial rainbows. But, whatever you do, never attempt to
clamber to the top of the rocks; for though, doubtless, the scenery
is very sublime up there, the pathway is slippery and dangerous in
the extreme; and the guides can tell how two hapless youths, officers
belonging to a regiment stationed here some twenty years ago, clambered
up that hill, and how they shouted with triumph on reaching yon summit,
and waved their handkerchiefs bravely; but they can also tell the
gloomy and disastrous end of all this; how the wild screams echoed far
and wide, as both slipped and fell headlong into the surging torrent,
and the sun shone brightly upon the bright red uniforms as they were
hurried over the precipice, and dashed from rock to rock; and, whilst
yet the horror-stricken spectators gazed with speechless agony and
terror, the bodies of the poor young men were borne away and hid by the
blood-stained waters from human recovery.


DANCES OF THE NATIVES IN NEW SOUTH WALES.

[Illustration: [++] Festival Dance.]

The manners and customs of the uncivilized are always legitimate
objects of wonder and curiosity to the civilized. It is on this account
that we give the above sketch of one of the festival dances of the
natives of Australia.

These dances are not only the usual close of their combats, but are
frequent in time of peace. They appear almost necessary to stir up
their blood; and under the excitement they produce, the whole nature
of the people seems to be changed. To a spectator the effect of one of
these exhibitions almost equals that of a tragic melo-drama.

A suitable place for the performance is selected in the neighbourhood
of their huts. Here a fire is built by the women and boys, while
such of the men as are to take a share in the exhibition, usually
about twenty in number, disappear to arrange their persons. When
these preparations are completed, and the fire burns brightly, the
performers are seen advancing in the guise of as many skeletons. This
effect is produced by means of pipe clay, with which they paint broad
white lines on their arms and legs, and on the head, while others of
less breadth are drawn across the body, to correspond to the ribs. The
music consists in beating time on their shields, and singing, and to it
the movements of the dancers conform. It must not be supposed that this
exhibition is a dance in our sense of the word. It consists of violent
and odd movements of the arms, legs, and body, contortions and violent
muscular actions, amounting almost to frenzy. The performers appear
more like a child's pasteboard supple-jack than anything human in their
movements.

This action continues for a time, and then the skeletons, for so they
appear to be, since they truly resemble them, suddenly seem to vanish
and reappear. The disappearance is effected by merely turning round,
for the figures are painted only in front, and their dusky forms are
lost by mingling with the dark background. The trees, illuminated by
the fire, are brought out with some of the figures in bold relief,
while others were indistinct and ghost-like. All concurs to give an
air of wildness to the strange scene. As the dance proceeds, the
excitement increases, and those who a short time before appear only
half alive, become full of animation, and finally are obliged to stop
from exhaustion.


A PUDDING AS AN ADVERTISEMENT.

The following fact is interesting, inasmuch as it gives us an insight
into the popular tastes of the period, and the power of mob-law:--

In 1718, James Austin, inventor of the Persian ink powder, invited his
customers to a feast. There was a pudding promised, which was to be
boiled fourteen days, instead of seven hours, and for which he allowed
a chaldron of coals. It weighed 900 pounds. The copper for boiling it
was erected at the Red Lion in Southwark Park, where crowds went to
see it; and when boiled, it was to be conveyed to the Swan Tavern,
Fish Street Hill, to the tune of "What lumps of pudding my mother gave
me." The place was changed to the Restoration Gardens in St. George's
Fields, in consequence of the numerous company expected, and the
pudding set out in procession with banners, streamers, drums, &c., but
the mob chased it on the way and carried all off.


THE DESOLATION OF EYAM.

The ancient custom of hanging a garland of white roses, made of writing
paper, and a pair of white gloves over the pew of the unmarried
villagers who die in the flower of their age, prevailed up to the year
1837 in the village of Eyam, and in most other villages and little
towns in the Peak of Derbyshire. In the year 1665, the plague was
conveyed to this unfortunate village, which for a time had been chiefly
confined to London. The infection, it appears, was carried in a box of
woollen clothes; the tailor, to whom they were directed was, together
with his family, the immediate victims of this fatal importation;
and a few days sufficed to confirm the fact, that the entire hamlet
was deeply infected. A general panic ensued, the worthy and truly
christian Rector, the Rev. William Mompesson, at this eventful and
awful crisis, summoned the parish, and after energetically stating the
case, and declaring his decided intention of remaining at his post,
induced his hearers to adopt the measures he was about to propose, if
not for their own preservation, at least for the more important cause,
the preservation of the surrounding country. Eyam, from this moment,
like a besieged city, was cut off from the living world, and to the
zeal and fidelity of this ever-to-be-respected minister was confided
the present, as well as eternal welfare of those who were about to
prove to posterity, that devotion to their country, as well as to
their God, was combined in the truly christian creed taught them by
this reverend man. But alas! it was the will of the Almighty that the
ranks of this devoted flock should be rapidly thinned, though Mr. and
Mrs. Mompesson had been hitherto spared; but in August, the latter
was carried off by the fatal disease, in the 27th year of her age;
her monument may still be seen at no great distance from the chancel
door. A number of grave-stones, bearing date 1666, in the churchyard,
show that for a time, at least, the dead had been deposited there in
the usual manner. Soon after the death of Mrs. Mompesson, the disorder
began to abate, and in about two months might be said to have entirely
ceased. The pious and amiable Rector was graciously preserved.


CURIOUS PLAY BILL.

The following remarkable theatrical announcement is worth preservation,
inasmuch as it forms a curious effusion of vanity and poverty, in the
shape of an appeal to the taste and feelings of the inhabitants of a
town in Sussex:--

  (_Copy._)

At the old theatre in East Grinstead, on Saturday, May 5th, 1758, will
be represented (by particular desire, and for the benefit of Mrs. P.)
the deep and affecting Tragedy of Theodosius, or the Force of Love,
with magnificent scenes, dresses, &c.

Varanes, by Mr. P., who will strive, as far as possible, to support the
character of this fiery Persian Prince, in which he was so much admired
and applauded at Hastings, Arundel, Petworth, Midworth, Lewes, &c.

Theodosius, by a young gentleman from the university of Oxford, who
never appeared on any stage.

Athenais, by Mrs. P. Though her present condition will not permit her
to wait on gentlemen and ladies out of the town with tickets, she
hopes, as on former occasions, for their liberality and support.

Nothing in Italy can exceed the altar, in the first scene of the play.
Nevertheless, should any of the Nobility or Gentry wish to see it
ornamented with flowers, the bearer will bring away as many as they
choose to favour him with.

As the coronation of Athenais, to be introduced in the fifth act,
contains a number of personages, more than sufficient to fill all
the dressing rooms, &c., it is hoped no gentlemen and ladies will be
offended at being refused admission behind the scenes.

N.B. The great yard dog, that made so much noise on Thursday night,
during the last act of King Richard the Third, will be sent to a
neighbour's over the way; and on account of the prodigious demand for
places, part of the stable will be laid into the boxes on one side, and
the granary be open for the same purpose on the other.

  _Vivat Rex._


THE EAR OF BIRDS NOT TO BE DECEIVED.

The sense of hearing in birds is singularly acute, and their instinct
leads them instantly to detect the slightest variation in the song
of those of their own kind. The following is a laughable instance of
this:--

A bird-catcher, wishing to increase his stock of bullfinches, took
out his caged bird and his limed twigs, and placed them in such a
situation of hedge and bush as he judged favourable to his success. It
so happened that his own bird was one of education, such as is usually
termed a piping bullfinch. In the first instance a few accidentally
thrown out natural notes, or calls, had attracted three or four of his
kindred feather, which had now taken their station not far distant
from the cage. There they stood in doubt and curiosity, and presently
moving inch by inch, and hop by hop towards him and the fatal twigs,
they again became stationary and attentive. It was in this eager and
suspended moment that the piping bullfinch set up the old country-dance
of "Nancy Dawson." Away flew every astounded bullfinch as fast as wings
could move, in such alarm and confusion as bullfinches could feel and
they only can venture to describe.


FLYING COACH.

If the _Exeter Flying Stage_ arrived from London at Dorchester in two
days, and at Exeter at the end of the third day, about 1739, the speed
must have been considered surprising. Those who made use of such a
conveyance were doubtless looked upon as presumptuous, neck-or-nothing
mortals.

There was a "Devizes chaise" from London at this time which took a
route through Reading, Newbury, and Marlborough.

There is a good house at Morcomb Lake, east of Charmouth, now no longer
in the road, owing to this having been diverted. This was a road-side
inn, where the judges slept. The Fly Coach from London to Exeter
_slept_ there the fifth night from town. The coach proceeded the next
morning to Axminster, where _it_ breakfasted, and there a woman barber
_shaved the coach_.


AN AGED SPIRIT DRINKER.

Daniel Bull M'Carthy, of the county of Kerry, Ireland, died 1752, aged
111. At the age of eighty-four he married a fifth wife, a girl little
more than fourteen years of age, by whom he had twenty children--one
every subsequent year of his life. It was remarked that he was scarcely
ever seen to expectorate; nor did any extent of cold ever seem to
affect him. For the last seventy years of his life, when in company, he
drank plentifully of rum and brandy, which he always took neat; and, if
in compliance with solicitations he took wine or punch, always drank
an equal sized glass of rum or brandy, which he designated _a wedge_.
The temperature of his body was generally so hot that he could bear but
little clothing, either by day or night upon his person.


GIANT TREE.

[Illustration: [++] Giant Tree in Pulo Penang.]

There are few trees in the world like the giant tree in the island
of Pulo Penang, of which the annexed engraving is a correct
representation. It is one of the various kinds of palm, and some idea
may be formed of its height from the fact that it is twice as tall,
and quite as straight, as the mainmast of a line-of-battle ship; there
are no branches, no twigs anywhere to be seen, save just at the very
summit, and here they bend over gracefully, something like what one
would imagine a large-sized palm-tree to be if gazed at through Lord
Rosse's telescope. It is a only specimen of its kind to be met with in
the whole island.


PUNISHING FALSE ACCUSERS.

Wisdom may sometimes be learned at a Quarter Sessions, and it would
be advantageous if we occasionally took a hint from our ancestors.
The magistrates at sessions in Charles the First's reign could and
did address themselves to questions arising between parties moving in
humble life, very important to them, and who could now-a-day in vain
seek redress in the same quarter. A modern Bridget might continue
to charge men with a breach of promise of marriage without legal
measures being available against her. This was not so in 1626. Her
case was considered, and her injurious conduct and mode of life were
duly estimated, with what result we shall learn from the following
entry in the minute book of a quarter sessions in Devonshire of that
date:--"Forasmuch as it hath appeared unto this Court that Bridget
Howsley of Langton, spinster, liveth idly and lewdly at home, not
betaking herself to any honest course of life, and hath lately falsely
and scandalously accused one [left blank in the original] of Honiton,
in Devon, challenging a promise of marriage from him, which tended
much to his disgrace, and that she is a continual brawler and sower
of strife and debate between her neighbours, inhabitants of Langton
aforesaid, this court doth therefore think fit and order that the said
Bridget Howsley be forthwith committed to the House of Correction,
there to be set on work and remain for the space of six whole months,
and from thenceforth until she shall find very good sureties for her
appearance at the next Sessions, after the said six months shall be
expired, or until she shall procure a master that will take her into
service."


A PHASE OF THE SOUTHCOTTIAN DELUSION.

One of the most remarkable cases on record of combined knavery,
credulity, and superstition, is the belief which so extensively
prevailed about fifty years ago in the mission and doctrines of Joanna
Southcott, and of which, strange to say, some traces remain even to
the present day. Is it not astonishing that so recently as the year
1814, August 3rd, the following paragraph--which we believe gives a
correct statement of the facts--should have appeared in the _Courier_
newspaper? "Joanna Southcott has lately given out that she expects in
a few weeks to become the mother of the true Messiah. She is nearly
seventy years of age. A cradle of most expensive and magnificent
materials has been bespoken by a lady of fortune for the accouchement,
and has been for some days exhibited at the warehouse of an eminent
cabinet maker in Aldersgate-street. Hundreds of genteel persons of both
sexes have been to see this cradle, in which her followers believe the
true Messiah is to be rocked. The following has been given us as a
correct description: 'A child's crib, three feet six inches, by two
feet, of satin wood, with brass trellis, side and foot board; turned
feet, carved and gilt, on castors; a swing cot, inside caned, to swing
on centre; at each end gilt mouldings, top and bottom for gold letters;
a canopy cover, with blue silk; carved and gilt under it, a gold ball,
and dove, and olive branch; green stars at each corner, gilt; blue silk
furniture; an embroidered celestial crown, with Hebrew characters, gold
letters; a lambs'-wool mattress, with white fustian down bed, down
pillow, and two superfine blankets.'"


HOUSEHOLD EXPENSES OF KING EDWARD THE FIRST.

Edward the First kept three Christmasses at Rhuddlan castle, in
Flintshire; and it is a fact not generally known, that his queen
Eleanor, exclusively of the young prince Edward, born at Caernarvon,
was delivered of a princess there in 1283. This shows that his entire
household must have been transferred into Wales, at the time his
policy was directed to complete the annexation of the principality of
Wales to that of England. In an ancient record in the tower of London,
dated 1281-2, and translated by Samuel Lysons, Esq., is a curious roll
of Edward's expenses when at Rhuddlan. It consists of four sheets,
containing the particulars, under proper heads, of the sums of money
paid for the maintenance of his household. The sum of the expenses in
this roll is £1,395 10s., which sum, with the expenses of the other
roll of the queen's household is £2,220 2s. 10-1/2d. The roll is very
curious, but too long to be inserted here. We append the following as a
specimen of the various items it contains:--

  Paid on the day of the queen's churching in oblations to
        mass                                                   £0  3  0
  The queen's gift to divers minstrels attending her churching 10  0  0
  The queen's gift to a female spy                              0  1  0
  A certain female spy, to purchase her a house as a spy        1  0  0
  For the brethren at the hospital at Rhuddlan                  0  1  1
  For a certain player as a gift                                0  8  0
  For the celebration of mass for the soul of William de Bajor  0  1 10
  For the messenger carrying letters to the king at London,
        to be sent to the court of Rome, for his expenses       0  1  0
  Paid sundry bailiffs at the castle                            0  4 10
  For the carriage of 80 casks of wine from the water to
        the castle                                              0 22  0
  For a cart bringing lances and cross bows from Ruthlan
        to Hope                                                 0  1  4
  For the carriage of £3,000 from the king's wardrobe to
        the queen's wardrobe                                    0 10  5
  For 600 turves, to place about the queen's stew pond in
        the castle                                              0  1  0
  Carriage of figs and raisins to Aberconway                    0  0  1
  Paid wages for 1,060 archers at twopence, with 53 captains
        at fourpence, with 10 constables of cavalry at 12d.
        a day                                                  68  8  6
  Paid the same for 1,040 archers, &c. &c.                     67  4  0


GARRICK'S CUP.

[Illustration [++] Garrick's Cup.]

This celebrated Shakspearean relic was presented to David Garrick,
by the Mayor and Corporation of Stratford-upon-Avon, in September,
1769, at the Jubilee which he instituted in honour of his favourite
Bard. It measures about 11 inches in height. The tree from which it
is carved was planted by Shakspeare's own hand, in the year 1609,
and after having stood 147 years, was, in an evil hour, and when at
its full growth and remarkably large, cut down, and cleft to pieces
for fire-wood, by order of the Rev. Francis Gastrell, to whom it had
become an object of dislike, from its subjecting him to the frequent
importunities of travellers. Fortunately, the greater part of it fell
into the possession of Mr. Thomas Sharp, a watchmaker of Stratford,
who, "out of sincere veneration" for the memory of its immortal
planter, and well knowing the value the world set upon it, converted
the fragments to uses widely differing from that to which they had been
so sacrilegiously condemned. Garrick held this cup in his hand at the
Jubilee, while he sung the beautiful and well-known air, which he had
composed for the occasion, beginning

    "Behold this fair goblet, 'twas carved from the tree,
     Which, O my sweet Shakspeare, was planted by thee;
     As a relic I kiss it, and bow at the shrine,
     What comes from thy hand must be ever divine!
         All shall yield to the Mulberry tree,
                   Bend to thee,
                   Blest Mulberry;
                   Matchless was he
                   Who planted thee,
         And thou like him immortal be!"


QUICK WORK.

Mr. John Coxetter, of Greenham Mills, Newbury, had two South down sheep
shorn at his factory exactly at five o'clock in the morning, from the
wool of which, after passing its various processes, a complete damson
coloured coat was made, and worn by Sir John Throckmorton, at a quarter
past six in the evening, being two and three-quarter hours within the
time allotted, for a wager of 1,000 guineas. The sheep were roasted
whole, and a sumptuous dinner given by Mr. Coxetter.


ORIGIN OF THE GREAT WALL OF CHINA.

[Illustration [++] Great Wall of China.]

As has been invariably the case in the early history of all the leading
nations of the earth, great confusion and civil discord existed in
the empire of China in its first stages. It was divided into petty
princedoms, each prince striving to outwit the other, and all anxiously
aiming at the supreme power of the land, till the Emperor Chi-hoang-ti,
who came to the throne about three hundred years before the Christian
era, conquered the whole of the jealous petty princes, and united
their states into one vast empire. But no sooner had he achieved this,
than the Tartars began to be troublesome, and, hoping effectually
to exclude their invasions, this emperor caused to be constructed
the often-read-of great wall of China, a stupendous work of masonry,
extending from the sea to the western province of Shensee and carried
over a tract of fifteen hundred miles, comprising high mountains, deep
valleys, and broad rivers, the wall being supported over the latter
by gigantic arches. Fortified towers were erected at every hundred
yards, and its summit admitted of six horsemen riding abreast. This
sovereign is said to be the founder of the Hau dynasty. The wall proved
an insignificant barrier to the Huns or Tartars, who harassed the
princes of the Hau dynasty, and were a very scourge to the farmers of
the frontier provinces. About the year 264, the Hau dynasty gave way
to the Tsin, which latter was founded by a lineal descendant, through
many generations, of the builder of the great wall. In the sketch which
we have given, our chief object has been to show the extraordinary
inflexibility of the Chinese in carrying their wall strictly along
their frontier line, in spite of the stupendous obstacles which,
intervened in the shape of mountains and valleys.


PRIVY PURSE EXPENSES OF CHARLES II.

Malone, the well known editor of Shakespeare, possessed a curious
volume--an account of the privy expenses of Charles II, kept by Baptist
May. A few extracts from this MS., taken from Malone's transcripts, are
here offered:--

                                                 £    s.  d.

  My Lord St. Alban's bill                    1,746   18  11
  Lady Castlemaine's debts                    1,116    1   0
  Sir R. Viner, for plate                       850    0   0
  For grinding cocoa-nuts                         5    8   0
  Paid Lady C., play money                      300    0   0
  For a band of music                            50    0   0
  To the footman that beat Teague                 5    7   6
  To Mr. Pears, for the charges of a body
        dissected before the king                 5    1   0
  Lady C., play money                           300    0   0
  To the Morrice Dancers at Ely                   1    1   0
  Lady C., play money                           300    0   0
  Mr. Knight for bleeding the king               10   10   0
  For a receipt of chocolate                    227    0   0
  Mr. Price, for milking the asses               10    0   0
  To one that showed tumblers' tricks             5    7   6
  For weighing the king                           1    0   0
  Paid Hall for dancing on the rope              20    0   0
  The Queen's allowance                       1,250    0   0
  Paid Lord Lauderdale for ballads                5    0   0
  To a bone-setter attending the Duchess
        of Monmouth                              10    0   0
  Paid Terry for waiting on the king swimming    10    0   0
  For 3,685 ribbons for the healing             107   10   4
  Mrs. Blague, the king's valentine             218    0   0
  Nell Gwyn                                     100    0   0
  Lost by the king at play on Twelfth-night     220    0   0
  Paid what was borrowed for the Countess of
        Castlemaine                           1,650    0   0


COLOUR OF THE HAT FOR CARDINALS.

Innocent IV. first made the hat the symbol or cognizance of the
cardinals, enjoining them to wear a _red_ hat at the ceremonies and
processions, _in token of their being ready_ to spill their blood for
Jesus Christ.


SEVERITY OF THE LAWS A HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

Two lads were hanged for stealing a purse containing two shillings
and a brass counter. Of ten criminals convicted at one sessions,
four were hanged and six transported. Very often half a dozen were
sentenced to death at a single sessions. On the 17th March, 1755,
eight malefactors were hanged together at Tyburn. It was recorded as a
matter of surprise, that, "only six convicts received sentence of death
at Gloucester Assizes." One of these was a woman named Anne Ockley,
who was executed on the following day, on the charge of murdering an
illegitimate child. To the last she denied her guilt, except in not
having called in medical advice for her infant after a bad fall. She
took the Sacrament, and begged for more time to prepare herself for the
change; this favour being denied, she remained praying for two hours on
the drop before she would give the signal.


MARKING THE KING'S DISHES WITH THE COOK'S NAMES.

King George II. was accustomed every other year to visit his German
dominions, with the greater part of the officers of his household, and
especially those belonging to the kitchen. Once on his passage at sea,
his first cook was so ill with the sea-sickness, that he could not
hold up his head to dress his majesty's dinner; this being told to the
king, he was exceedingly sorry for it, as he was famous for making a
Rhenish soup, which his majesty was very fond of; he therefore ordered
inquiry to be made among the assistant-cooks, if any of them could make
the above soup. One named Weston (father of Tom Weston, the player)
undertook it, and so pleased the king, that he declared it was full
as good as that made by the first cook. Soon after the king's return
to England, the first cook died; when the king was informed of it, he
said, that his steward of the household always appointed his cooks, but
that he would now name one for himself, and therefore asking if one
Weston was still in the kitchen, and being answered that he was, "That
man," said he, "shall be my first cook, for he makes most excellent
Rhenish soup." This favour begot envy among all the servants, so that,
when any dish was found fault with, they used to say it was Weston's
dressing: the king took notice of this, and said to the servants, it
was very extraordinary that every dish he disliked should happen to be
Weston's; "In future," said he, "let every dish be marked with the name
of the cook that makes it." By this means the king detected their arts,
and from that time Weston's dishes pleased him most.

This custom was kept up till late in the reign of George III.


PARLOUS DAYS.

Bloodletting, considered during the last century to be necessary for
every one in health or not, at spring and fall, was an operation
performed by the country surgeons on the labourers on a Sunday morning,
at a charge of 6d. each. Bleeding in bed by a barber was, in the reign
of Charles II., sometimes charged, for a lady, so high as 10s., and
for a gentleman, 1s. and 2s. 6d. The operator perhaps barboured the
patient at an additional charge. Barbouring by the year was charged
16s. Superstition had marked certain days in each month as dangerous
for bloodletting, which were called _parlous_ days. In July, the 1st,
7th, 13th, 12th, 25th, and 20th were of the above kind.

As the whole population had recourse to bloodletting twice a year,
bleeders or barbers were in constant demand.


A FUNERAL APPROPRIATELY CONDUCTED.

During the year 1700, the minister of a parish in Kent was interred
at the age of 96 years; the gentleman who preached his funeral sermon
was 82; he who read the service 87; the clerk of the parish was the
same age; the sexton was 86; in addition to which list of aged persons,
there were several present from the adjacent parishes 100 years old
each, and upwards.


ANCIENT NUT-CRACKERS.

[Illustration [++] Ancient Nut-Crackers.]

The two quaint instruments pictured in our engraving, of about the
time of Charles I. or II., are made of hard wood rather rudely carved;
and look as if in their time they had seen good service. The grotesque
heads, with the mouth, affording the means of cracking the nuts, are
examples of the fitness of design for a particular purpose, which
characterize many of the objects in domestic use in the middle ages,
and up to the reign of Queen Anne, after which ornamental art for
household uses seems almost to have been disused. Even in the time of
George III., our chairs, tables, side-boards, &c., were made heavy,
very ugly, and without any attempt at appropriate pattern.


NELL GWYNNE'S LOOKING-GLASS.

[Illustration [++] Nell Gwynne's Looking-Glass.]

This glass is in the possession of Sir Page Dicks, of Port Hall. It
bears the likeness of Nell Gwynne and King Charles, which are modelled
in wax; and also the supporters, or crest, which Nell assumed, namely,
the lion and the leopard. The whole is curiously worked in coloured
glass beads, and the figures, with the dresses, made to project in very
high relief; indeed, they are merely attached to the groundwork. In the
upper compartment is Charles in his state dress; and the bottom one,
that of Nell Gwynne, in her court dress--the pattern of which is very
tasteful. On the right is Charles in his hunting dress. The beads have
retained their colours, which are very appropriate to the subject, and
must have been a work of considerable time and patience; but whether
done by Nell or not, there is no record.


A REMARKABLE HIGHLANDER.

In August, 1827, John Macdonald expired in his son's house, in the
Lawnmarket, Edinburgh, at the advanced age of one hundred and seven
years. He was born in Glen Tinisdale, in the Isle of Skye, and, like
the other natives of that quarter, was bred to rural labour. Early
one morning in his youth, when looking after his black cattle, he was
surprised by the sight of two ladies, as he thought, winding slowly
round a hill, and approaching the spot where he stood. When they came
up, they inquired for a well or stream, where a drink of water could be
obtained. He conducted them to the "Virgin Well," an excellent spring,
which was held in great reverence on account of its being the scene of
some superstitious and legendary tales. When they had quenched their
thirst, one of the ladies rewarded Macdonald with a shilling, the first
silver coin of which he was possessed. At their own request he escorted
them to a gentleman's house at some distance, and there, to his great
surprise and satisfaction, he learned that the two "ladies" were Flora
Macdonald and Prince Charles Stewart.

This was the proudest incident in Macdonald's patriarchal life; and,
when surrounded by his Celtic brethren, he used to dilate on all the
relative circumstances with a sort of hereditary enthusiasm, and more
than the common garrulity of age. He afterwards turned joiner, and
bore a conspicuous part in the building of the first Protestant church
which was erected in the island of North Uist. He came to Edinburgh
twenty-three years before his death, and continued to work at his trade
till he was ninety-seven years of age.

Macdonald was a temperate, regular-living man, and never paid a
sixpence to a surgeon for himself, nor had an hour's sickness in the
whole course of his life. He used to dance regularly on New-year's day,
along with some Highland friends, to the bagpipe. On New-year's day,
1825, he danced a reel with the father, the son, the grandson, and
great-grandson, and was in more than his usual spirits. His hearing was
nothing impaired, and till within three weeks of his demise he could
have threaded the finest needle with facility, without glasses.


CATS WITH KNOTTED TAILS.

We extract the following paragraph from the narrative of a voyager in
the Indian Ocean, because it contains an account of a rarity in natural
history with which few, we believe, are acquainted.

"The steward is again pillowed on his beloved salt fish, and our
only companion is a Malacca cat, who has also an attachment for the
steward's pillow. Puss is a tame little creature, and comes rubbing
herself mildly against our shoes, looking up in our faces, and mewing
her thoughts. Doubtless she is surprised that you have been so long
looking at her without noticing the peculiarity in her tail, which
so much distinguishes her from the rest of the feline race in other
quarters of the globe. Take her up in your lap, and see for yourself.
Did you ever observe such a singular knot--so regular, too, in its
formation? Some cruel monster must have tied it in a knot whilst puss
was yet a kitten, and she has outlived both the pain and inconvenience.
But here comes a kitten, all full of gambols and fun, and we find
that her tail is in precisely the same condition. So, then, this is
a remarkable feature amongst the whole race of Malayan cats, but
for which, no one we meet with, is able to give us a satisfactory
explanation."


CURIOUS FEATS.

In 1553, the following extraordinary exhibition was performed
in the presence of Queen Mary, in her passage through London to
Westminster.--It is thus described by Holinshed, in his "Chronicle,"
printed 1577:--"When shee didd come to Sainte Paule's churchyarde,
Maister Haywood sat in a pageant under a vine, and made to her an
oration in Latine; and then there was one Peter, a man of Holland,
who didd stand upon the weathercocke of St. Paule's steeple, holdyng
a streamer in his handes of five yardes long, and waving thereof. Hee
sometimes stood on one foot and shock the other, and then hee kneeled
on his knees to the verie grate marvel of al the people. Hee hadd
made two scaffolds under him--one above the cross, having torches
and streamers sett upon it, and another over the ball of the cross,
likewise sett with streamers and torches which could not burne, the
wind was so greate." Our chronicler further informs us, that "Peter
didd have xvi pounds xiii shillings and iii pence given to him by the
citie of London for his costes and pains, and for all his stuffe."


IMPUDENCE OR CANDOUR, WHICH IS IT?

The following advertisement appeared in the _St. James's Chronicle_ of
1772. "Wanted immediately, fifteen hundred, or two thousand pounds,
by a person not worth a groat; who, having neither houses, land,
annuities, or public funds, can offer no other security than that
of simple bond, bearing simple interest, and engaging the repayment
of the sum borrowed in five, six, or seven years, as may be agreed
on by the parties. Whoever this may suit, (for it is hoped it will
suit somebody), by directing a line for A. Z. in Rochester, shall be
immediately replied to, or waited on, as may appear necessary."


THE SOUTH STACK LIGHTHOUSE.

[Illustration [++] South Stack Lighthouse.]

Though not so celebrated as the Eddystone, the South Stack Lighthouse
is unquestionably one of the marvels of science, and as such may be
appropriately described in our pages. It is erected on the summit of
an isolated rock, three or four miles westward from Holyhead, and
separated from the main land by a chasm ninety feet in width. This
splendid structure was raised in the year 1808. The elevation of the
summit of the rock on which it is erected is 140 feet above the level
of the sea at high-water mark; the height of the tower, from the base
to the gallery, is sixty feet; and the lantern is twelve feet high
from the gallery; making the total elevation of the light 212 feet
above high-water mark. The light is produced by twenty-one brilliant
lamps, with powerful reflectors, placed on a revolving triangular
frame, displaying a full-faced light every two minutes, which, in clear
weather, is distinctly visible at a distance of ten leagues. Latterly
there has been an addition of three red lights placed at the rock,
which are more distinctly visible in foggy weather than the lighthouse
lights. The rough sea caused by the strong tides about the head
rendered the communication by boat very precarious. In order to obviate
the danger, a passage was contrived by means of two ropes thrown across
the gulf, along which the individual was drawn in a box or cradle, by
the assistance of pulleys affixed at each end. This plan was superseded
by a bridge of ropes, which was used some years after, though always
considered unsafe, on account of the constant wear of the ropes. In
1827, a modern suspension chain-bridge was thrown over the sound, the
span of which is 110 feet, the chains being firmly bolted in the rock
on each side, and carried over two massive stone pillars erected for
the purpose. The chain supports a platform of timber five feet wide,
and seventy feet above high-water mark. The bridge is attained by
descending the Holyhead mountain in a zigzag direction by a flight of
380 steps.


BRASS MEDAL OF OUR SAVIOUR.

In 1702, the late Rev. H. Rowlands, author of _Mona Antiqua_, while
superintending the removal of some stones, near Aberfraw, Wales, for
the purpose of making an antiquarian research, found a beautiful
brass medal of our Saviour, in a fine state of preservation, which he
forwarded to his friend and countryman, the Rev. E. Llwyd, author of
the _Archeologiæ Britannica_, and at that time keeper of the Ashmolean
library at Oxford.

This medal, of which an engraving is subjoined, has on one side the
figure of a head exactly answering the description given by Publius
Lentulus of our Saviour, in a letter sent by him to the emperor
Tiberius and the senate of Rome. On the reverse side, it has the
following legend or inscription, written in Hebrew characters, "This
is Jesus Christ, the Mediator or Reconciler;" or "Jesus, the Great
Messias, or Man Mediator." And being found among the ruins of the chief
Druids resident in Anglesea, it is not improbable that the curious
relic belonged to some Christian connected with Brân the Blessed, who
was one of Caractacus's hostages at Rome from A.D. 52 to 59, at which
time the Apostle Paul was preaching the gospel of Christ at Rome. In
two years afterwards, A.D. 61, the Roman General Suetonius extirpated
all the Druids in the island. The following is a translation of the
letter alluded to, a very antique copy of which is in the possession of
the family of Kellie, afterwards Lord Kellie, now represented by the
Earl of Mar, a very ancient Scotch family--taken from the original at
Rome:--

"There hath appeared in these our days, a man of great virtue, named
Jesus Christ, who is yet living among us, and of the Gentiles is
accepted as a prophet, but his disciples call him 'the Son of God.' He
raiseth the dead, and cures all manner of diseases; a man of stature
somewhat tall and comely, with very reverend countenance, such as the
beholders both love and fear; his hair the colour of chesnut, full
ripe, plain to his ears, whence downwards it is more orient, curling,
and waving about his shoulders. In the midst of his head is a seam or a
partition of his hair after the manner of the Nazarites; his forehead
plain and very delicate; his face without a spot or wrinkle, beautified
with the most lovely red; his nose and mouth so formed that nothing
can be reprehended; his beard thickish, in colour like his hair,
not very long but forked; his look, innocent and mature; his eyes,
grey, clear, and quick. In reproving, he is terrible; in admonishing,
courteous and fair spoken; pleasant in conversation, mixed with
gravity. It cannot be remarked that any one saw him laugh, but many
have seen him weep. In proportion of body, most excellent; his hands
and arms most delicate to behold. In speaking, very temperate, modest,
and wise. A man, for his singular beauty, surpassing the children of
men!"

[Illustration [++] Brass Medal of Our Saviour.]

The representation of this sacred person which is in the Bodleian
library, somewhat resembles that of the print of this medal, when
compared together. It was taken from a likeness engraved in agate, and
sent as a present from the sultan for the release of his brother, who
was taken prisoner. There is a well-executed drawing of this at the
Mostyn library, much worse for age.


MONSTROUS HEAD-DRESS.

[Illustration [++] Head-Dress of 1782.]

At no period in the history of the world was anything more absurd in
head-dress worn than that here depicted, which was in vogue with the
fashionables of 1782. The body of this erection was formed of tow, over
which the hair was turned, and false hair added in great curls, bobs,
and ties, powdered to profusion; then hung all over with vulgarly-large
rows of pearls, or glass beads, fit only to decorate a chandelier;
flowers as obtrusive were stuck about this heap of finery, which was
surmounted by broad silken bands and great ostrich-feathers, until the
head-dress of a lady added three feet to her stature, and the male
sex, to use the words of the _Spectator_, "became suddenly dwarfed
beside her." To effect this, much time and trouble was wasted, and
great personal annoyance was suffered. Heads, when properly dressed,
"kept for three weeks," as the barbers quietly phrased it; that they
would not really "keep" longer may be seen by the many recipes they
give for the destruction of insects which bred in the flour and pomatum
so liberally bestowed upon them. The description of "opening a lady's
head," after a three weeks' dressing, given in the magazines of this
period, it would be imagined, would have taught the ladies common
sense; but fashion could reconcile even the disgust that must have been
felt by all.


PRICE OF HUMAN HAIR.

Long flaxen hair was bought from the head at 10s. the ounce, and any
other fine hair at 5s. or 7s. the ounce in 1662.

Within the present century the heads of hair of whole families in
Devonshire were let out by the year at so much rent per poll. An Exeter
perriwig maker went round periodically, cut the locks, and oiled the
numskull of each thus left in stubble.


INTERESTING AND FANCIFUL RELIQUE.

[Illustration [++] Enamelled Jewel.]

The enamelled jewel, of which we give an engraving, was presented by
Mary, Queen of Scots, to George Gordon, fourth Earl of Huntley. The
precise period at which the gift was made is not now known, though
the time was not improbably during the residence of the Queen in
France, when the Order of St. Michael was conferred on the Duke of
Chatelherault, the Earl of Huntley, and several other Scottish nobles,
about 1548. The lock of Mary's hair which is attached to the small
ivory skull, is of a light auburn, inclining to a gold-colour; and if
allowance be made for some fading in the course of years, and for the
hair of the Queen having generally become darker as she advanced in
life, the accuracy of Melvil will be confirmed, when, in speaking of
her after her return to Scotland, he says, "her hair was light auburn;
Elizabeth's more red than yellow." In this particular little reliance
can be placed upon the portraits of Queen Mary; since it is well known,
that in the latter part of her life, it was a fashionable practice to
wear false hair of various hues, though in some of her pictures the
colour of the locks is nearly similar to the hue of that represented in
the present. The skull, from which it issues is connected by a twisted
skein of silk with the figure of a Cupid shooting an arrow, standing on
a heart enamelled red, transfixed with a dart. On one side the heart is
a setting for a precious stone, now vacant; and, on the other, in white
letters, the words "Willingly Wounded." From the point of the heart is
a pendant, containing on one side a small ruby, and having the other
enamelled blue with an ornament in white. Our engraving represents one
side of the jewel, of the exact size of the original.


FASTIDIOUSNESS IN DRESS AT AN OLD AGE.

Jonn Benbow, of Northwood, in the parish of Prees, Salop, died 1806,
aged 107. His occupation was that of a maker of clocks and watches.
His steadiness of hand, clearness of intellect, and complete command
of all his faculties, were such that, till within a very few years of
his decease, he was enabled to execute the most intricate and delicate
manipulations connected with his business. He lived in three centuries;
and, at the time of his decease, had a son, a grandson, and several
great-grandchildren, living in the house with him. He was remarkable
for industry, sobriety, early rising, and soon retiring to rest,
and was universally respected for his integrity and ingenuity. His
favourite beverage was "small beer" brewed of molasses. To the very
close of his life he was remarkable for his extreme attention to his
dress and everything relating to his personal appearance, as will be
seen by the following anecdote. About three years before his death, his
tailor brought him home a new coat; on examining which he discovered
that the man, either through not being provided with the necessary
material or inadvertence, had substituted a cloth collar for a velvet
one, which he was accustomed to have added to his garment. Mortified at
this circumstance, and learning that the tailor had not velvet of the
necessary quality by him, he took up his walking-stick and straitway
went off to Whitchurch, a distance of seven miles, to purchase the
materials proper to make a new collar, and, to the astonishment of all
his family, returned home in a few hours.


SUPERSTITION OF THE JAVANESE.

Nowhere has superstition a greater power over the human mind than among
the inhabitants of Java.

When the proper chord is touched, there is scarcely anything too gross
for the belief of these islanders. Mr. Crawfurd relates that some
years since, it was almost accidentally discovered, that the skull of
a buffalo was superstitiously conveyed from one part of the island to
another. The point insisted upon was, never to let it rest, but to keep
it in constant progressive motion. It was carried in a basket, and no
sooner was one person relieved from the load than it was taken up by
another; for the understanding was, that some dreadful imprecation was
denounced against the man who should let it rest. In this manner, the
scull was hurried from one province to another, and after a circulation
of many hundred miles, at length reached the town of Samarang, the
Dutch governor of which seized it and threw it into the sea, and thus
the spell was broken. The Javanese expressed no resentment, and nothing
further was heard of this unaccountable transaction. None could tell
how or where it originated.

The same writer relates a still more extraordinary instance of
infatuation. During the occupation of Java by the English, in the
month of May 1814, it was unexpectedly discovered, that, in a remote
but populous part of the island, a road, leading to the top of the
mountain of Sumbeng, one of the highest in Java, had been constructed.
An enquiry being set on foot, it was discovered that the delusion which
gave rise to the work had its origin in the province of Banyunas, in
the territories of the Susunan, and that the infection had spread
to the territory of the Sultan, and thence extended to that of the
Europeans. On examination a road was found constructed twenty feet
broad, and from fifty to sixty miles long, and it was wonderfully
smooth and well made. One point which appears to have been considered
necessary, was, that this road should not cross rivers, and in
consequence it wound in a thousand ways. Another point as peremptorily
insisted on was, that its straight course should not be interrupted by
any private rights; and in consequence trees and houses were overturned
to make way for it. The population of whole districts, occasionally
to the amount of five or six thousand labourers, were employed on the
road, and, among a people disinclined to active exertion the laborious
work was nearly completed in two months--such was the effect of the
temporary enthusiasm with which they were inspired. It was found in
the sequel that the whole work was set in motion by an old woman, who
dreamt, or pretended to have dreamt, that a divine personage was about
to descend from heaven on the mountain in question. Piety suggested
the propriety of constructing a road to facilitate his descent; and
it was rumoured that divine vengeance would pursue the sacrilegious
person who refused to join in the meritorious labour. These reports
quickly wrought on the fears and ignorance of the people, and they
heartily joined in the enterprise. The old woman distributed slips of
palm-leaves to the labourers, with magic letters written upon them,
which were charms to secure them against sickness and accidents. When
this strange affair was discovered by the native authorities, orders
were issued to desist from the work, and the inhabitants returned
without a murmur to their wonted occupations.


SIZE OF THE BRITISH ISLANDS.

The exact size of our own country is a legitimate object of curiosity.
We believe the following will be found strictly accurate:--

  The area of England is estimated at               31,929,340 acres.
      "       Wales                                  4,320,000   "
      "       Scotland                              16,240,000   "
      "       S. Isles adjacent to the coast         1,055,080   "
      "       W. Isles                                 851,200   "
      "       Orkneys                                  153,606   "
      "       Shetlands                                643,840   "


CASE CONTAINING THE HEART OF LORD EDWARD BRUCE.

Lord Edward Bruce was eldest son of Sir Edward, baron of Kinloss,
so created by James I. in 1603, to whom the king gave the dissolved
abbey of Kinloss, in Ayrshire, after he had been instrumental in his
succession to the crown of England; whither accompanying the king, he
was made master of the Rolls in 1604, died in 1610, and was buried
in the Rolls chapel. His son, the lord Edward, killed in duel by Sir
Edward Sackville in 1613, was succeeded by his brother, who was created
Earl of Elgin in 1633, and an English baron in 1641.

Sir Edward Sackville, by whose hand the Lord Edward Bruce fell, was
younger brother to Richard Sackville, Earl of Dorset, on whose death
he succeeded to the title. He was lord president of the council, a
joint lord keeper, and filled several other distinguished offices under
Charles I., to whom he adhered, by whose side he fought at the battle
of Edge-hill, and whose death he took so much to heart, that he never
afterwards stirred out of his house in Salisbury-court, but died there
on the 17th of July, 1652.

[Illustration [++] Case Containing the Heart of Lord Edward Bruce.]

Between these noblemen there arose a quarrel, which terminated in their
duel; and all that is, or probably can be known respecting it, is
contained in the following correspondence, preserved in a manuscript in
Queen's college library, Oxford.

  _A Monsieur, Monsieur Sackvile._

"I that am in France, hear how much you attribute to yourself in this
time, that I have given the world leave to ring your praises; and for
me, the truest almanack, to tell you how much I suffer. If you call
to memory, when as I gave you my hand last, I told you I reserved the
heart for a truer reconcilliation. Now be that noble gentleman, my love
once spoke, and come and do him right that could recite the tryals you
owe your birth and country, were I not confident your honour gives
you the same courage to do me right, that it did to do me wrong. Be
master of your own weapons and time; the place wheresoever, I will wait
on you. By doing this, you shall shorten revenge, and clear the idle
opinion the world hath of both our worths.

  "ED. BRUCE."


  _A Monsieur, Monsieur Baron de Kinloss._

"As it shall be always far from me to seek a quarrel, so will I always
be ready to meet with any that is desirous to make tryal of my valour,
by so fair a course as you require. A witness whereof yourself shall
be, who, within a month, shall receive a strict account of time, place
and weapon, where you shall find me ready disposed to give honourable
satisfaction, by him that shall conduct you thither. In the mean time,
be as secret of the appointment, as it seems you are desirous of it.

  "E. SACKVILE."


  _A Monsieur, Monsieur Baron de Kinloss._

"I am at Tergose, a town in Zeland, to give what satisfaction your
sword can render you, accompanied with a worthy gentleman for my
second, in degree a knight. And, for your coming, I will not limit you
a peremptory day, but desire you to make a definite and speedy repair,
for your own honour, and fear of prevention; at which time you shall
find me there.

_Tergose, 10th of August, 1613._

  "E. SACKVILE."


  _A Monsieur, Monsieur Sackvile._

"I have received your letter by your man, and acknowledge you have
dealt nobly with me; and now I come, with all possible haste, to meet
you.

  "E. BRUCE."

The combat was fierce, and fatal to Lord Bruce.

It has always been presumed that the duel was fought under the walls of
Antwerp; but the combatants disembarked at Bergen-op-Zoom, and fought
near that town, and not Antwerp.

[Illustration [++] Silver Case Shaped Like a Heart.]

In consequence of a tradition, that the heart of Lord Edward Bruce had
been sent from Holland, and interred in the vault or burying-ground
adjoining the old abbey church of Culross, in Perthshire, Sir Robert
Preston directed a search in that place in 1808, with the following
result:--Two flat stones, without inscription, about four feet in
length and two in breadth, were discovered about two feet below the
level of the pavement, and partly under an old projection in the wall
of the old building. These stones were strongly clasped together
with iron; and when separated, a silver case, or box, of foreign
workmanship, shaped like a heart, was found in a hollow or excavated
place between them. Its lid was engraved with the arms and name "Lord
Edward Bruse;" it had hinges and clasps; and when opened, was found to
contain a heart, carefully embalmed, in a brownish coloured liquid.
After drawings had been taken of it, as represented in the present
engravings, it was carefully replaced in its former situation. There
was a small leaden box between the stones in another excavation; the
contents of which, whatever they were originally, appeared reduced to
dust.

Some time after this discovery, Sir Robert Preston caused a delineation
of the silver case, according to the exact dimensions, with an
inscription recording its exhumation and re-deposit, to be engraved on
a brass plate, and placed upon the projection of the wall where the
heart was found.

It is a remarkable fact, that the cause of the quarrel between Lord
Bruce and Sir Edward Sackville has remained wholly undetected,
notwithstanding successive investigations at different periods. Lord
Clarendon, in his "History of the Rebellion," records the combat as an
occurrence of magnitude, from its sanguinary character and the eminence
of the parties engaged in it. He does not say any thing respecting the
occasion of the feud, although Lord Bruce's challenge seems to intimate
that it was a matter of public notoriety.

The exact day of the duel is not known, but it was certainly in 1613,
and most probably in August from the date of one of the above letters.


EXTRAORDINARY FEMALE INTREPIDITY.

Early on the 24th of January, 1822, the turnpike-house, about four
miles from Basingstoke, on this side of Overton, was attacked, with
intent to enter, by two men, who had taken off some tiles at the
back part of the premises (the roof being very low) to effect their
purpose. These villains knew, it would appear, that a lone woman, Mrs.
Whitehouse, received the tolls at this gate, and that her husband
attended a gate as far distant as Colebrook. Mrs. Whitehouse, however,
very fortunately possessed three loaded pistols, one of which she
fired--then a second, and a third, without effect. These determined
ruffians (notwithstanding being thrice fired at) were, it appears,
resolved not to depart without accomplishing the projected robbery.
Mrs. Whitehouse's little boy, only 11 years of age, in the mean time
had re-loaded a brace of pistols, one of which Mrs. Whitehouse fired,
and wounded one of the desperadoes full in the face--he fell, and the
blood flowed profusely; yet, strange to relate, the accomplice had
hardihood enough to drag away the wounded robber! On observing this,
Mrs. Whitehouse fired the fifth pistol at them, but missed them. The
fellow who received the contents of the fourth pistol being supposed to
have been killed, and some persons residing at a considerable distance
from the spot having heard of the circumstance, assembled, and made
diligent search at daybreak to discover the body of the deceased; but,
although the blood could be traced some distance from the house, the
body could not be found; nor were those concerned in the attack ever
found out. The successful resistance, however, deserves to be recorded.


GIGANTIC BONES.

Whenever any bones of unusual magnitude were discovered, it was
invariably the custom to ascribe them to some giant. This was always
so up to recent years, and no wonder it was intensely the case at the
early period of 1660. About that period, when the brook or rivulet
from which the town of Corbridge, in the north of England, derives its
name, had been worn away by some impetuous land-flood, a skeleton,
supposed to be that of a man of extraordinary and prodigious size,
was discovered. The length of the thigh bone was nearly six feet, and
the skull, teeth, and other parts proportionably monstrous, so that
the length of the whole body was computed at twenty-one feet. It is
conjectured, by the more enlightened men of modern times, that these
strange bones belonged to some large animal that had been sacrificed
by the Romans at the altar dedicated to Hercules, which was found
here some years ago. Notwithstanding that the superstition of our
forefathers has lost nearly all its credit and influence, a singularly
large bone found here is now exhibited in the Keswick Museum as the rib
of the giant Cor.


NEW STYLE OF ADVERTISEMENT.

The following editorial announcement is taken from the Philadelphia
_Weekly Mercury_, of November 30, 1752, because it forms a complete
novelty in its way, and also affords us an insight into the degree of
communication which existed at that period between the large towns
and the provinces in America. It is, moreover, a curious jumble of
information, strangely mixing up the starting of the stage coach with
the news of the day:--

On _Monday_ next the Northern Post sets out from _New-York_, in order
to perform his Stage but once a Fortnight, during the Winter Quarter;
the Southern Post changes also, which will cause this Paper to come
out on _Tuesdays_ during that Time. The Colds which have infested the
Northern Colonies have also been troublesome here, few Families having
escaped the same, several have been carry'd off by the Cold, among whom
was _David Brintnall_, in the 77th Year of his Age; he was the first
Man that had a Brick House in the City of _Philadelphia_, and was much
esteem'd for his just and upright dealing. There goes a Report here,
that the Lord _Baltimore_ and his Lady are arrived in _Maryland_,
but the Southern Post being not yet come in, the said Report wants
Confirmation.


MAKING A CANDLESTICK OF GUNPOWDER.

A marvellous escape from destruction is related in the MS. Life of
Alderman Barnes.--"One of his brother-in-law's (Alderman Hutchinson's)
apprentices, stepping up into the back-lofts to fetch somewhat he
wanted, in his heedlessness and haste, stops his candle into a
barrel of gunpowder whose head was struck off, to serve instead of a
candlestick. But the man reflecting what he had done, was struck with
affrightment, his heart failed him, nor durst he stay any longer,
but running down stairs, leaves the candle burning in the gunpowder
cask, and with horror, trembling, and despair, tells the family what
indiscretion he had committed; they were all immediately as their
wits' end, and well they might, for the lofts were three stories
high, very large, and stowed full with whatever is combustible, as
brandy, oil, pitch, tar, rosin, flax, alum, hops, and many barrels of
gunpowder. Had the candle fallen to one side, or had the least spark
fallen from the snuff into the cask, the whole town had been shaken,
and the whole of the house immediately blown up and in a blaze; but
one of the labourers, a stout fellow, ran forthwith into the loft, and
joining both his hands together, drew the candle softly up between
his middlemost fingers, so that if any snuff had dropped, it must
have fallen into the hollow of the man's hand, and by this means was
Newcastle saved from being laid in ashes." This must have happened
about the year 1684.


THE CAMDEN CUP.

The subjoined engraving represents the Silver-gilt Standing Cup
and Cover bequeathed by the celebrated historian, William Camden,
Clarenceux King at Arms, to the Worshipful Company of Painter
Stainers'. Camden's will is recorded in the Prerogative Court
of Canterbury (in the register designated III Swann 3, probate
granted November 10, 1623), and it has been printed by Hearne in
his _Collection of Curious Discourses_, Ox. 1720. After directing
the sum of eight pounds to be given "to the poore of that place
(Chislehurst) when it shall please God to call me to his mercie,"
Camden continues--"I bequeath to Sir Foulke Greville, Lord Brooke,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, who preferred me gratis to my Office, a
peece of plate of ten pounds; Item, to the Company of Painter-Stainers
of London, to buy them a peece of plate in memoriall of mee, sixteene
pounds;" the inscription upon which is directed to be--"_Guil. Camdenus
Clarenceux, filius Sampsonis, Pictoris Londinensis, dono dedit_."

[Illustration [++] The Camden Cup.]

This stately and richly-decorated cup and cover is used on Corporation
Festivals, in memory of the illustrious donor. In height, it is
altogether twenty-three inches and a quarter, the cover only being
eight inches and three-quarters; and the cup, independent of the
stand, five inches and a-half, its greatest diameter being five inches
and a-half. The inscription encircles the upper rim of the cup; and
directly under it is an engraved escutcheon of Camden's arms; _Or_, a
fess engrailed, between six cross crosslets fitchée, _Sable_. The cover
presents an object of much elegance, a richly ornamented open pyramid,
based on the heads of birds, the breasts bending gracefully with
cartouche ornaments: the pinnacle of the pyramid surmounted by a female
figure, the right hand resting on a shield, charged with the same arms
as shown on the side of the cup. The birds' heads have apparently a
reference to the phoenix heads in the second and third quarters of the
armorial ensigns, and to the crest of the Company of Paper-Stainers.


RICHARDSON, THE SHOWMAN.

This eccentric individual, who died in 1836, left behind him upwards of
£20,000. He was born in the workhouse of Marlow, Bucks, but ran away
from that place in order to seek his fortune in London. After various
vicissitudes, he became the landlord of the Harlequin public-house, in
Drury-lane, where he saved some money, which he embarked in fitting up
a portable theatre, and was known for forty years as the "Prince of
Showmen," and used frequently to boast that Edmund Kean and several
other eminent actors were brought out by him. His property, after
various legacies to the itinerant company which had attended him for
many years, descended to two nephews and a niece, and he desired by
his will to be buried in Marlow churchyard, in the same grave as his
favourite "spotted boy," a lad who, some years before, was exhibited
by him, and attracted great notice in consequence of the extraordinary
manners in which he was marked on various parts of his body. Some years
since the scenery, dresses, and decorations of Richardson's theatre
were exposed for auction by Mr. George Robins, and £2,000 were bid
for them. They were bought in; the "old man," as he was technically
denominated, considering them to be worth at least £3,000.


PRESERVATION OF DEAD BODIES.

There is an arched vault, or burying-ground, under the church of
Kilsyth, in Scotland, which was the burying-place of the family
of Kilsyth, until the estate was forfeited, and the title became
extinct in the year 1715; since which it has never been used for that
purpose, except once. The last Earl fled with his family to Flanders,
and, according to tradition, was smothered to death about the year
1717, along with his lady and an infant child, and a number of other
unfortunate Scottish exiles, by the falling in of the roof of a house
in which they were assembled. What became of the body of the Earl is
not known, but the bodies of Lady Kilsyth and her infant were emboweled
and embalmed, and soon afterwards sent over to Scotland. They were
landed, and lay at Leith for some time in a cellar, whence they were
afterwards carried to Kilsyth, and buried in great pomp in the vault
above mentioned. In the spring of 1796, some rude regardless young men,
having paid a visit to this ancient cemetery, tore open the coffin of
Lady Kilsyth and her infant. With astonishment and consternation, they
saw the bodies of Lady Kilsyth and her child as perfect as in the hour
they were entombed. For some weeks this circumstance was kept secret,
but at last it began to be whispered in several companies, and soon
excited great and general curiosity.

"On the 12th of June," says the Minister of the parish of Kilsyth,
in a letter to J. Garnet, M.D., "when I was from home, great crowds
assembled, and would not be denied admission. At all hours of the
night, as well as the day, they afterwards persisted in gratifying
their curiosity. I saw the body of Lady Kilsyth soon after the coffin
was opened; it was quite entire. Every feature and every limb was as
full, nay, the very shroud was as clear and fresh, and the colours of
the ribbons as bright, as the day they were lodged in the tomb. What
rendered this scene more striking and truly interesting was, that the
body of her son and only child, the natural heir of the title and
estates of Kilsyth, lay at her knee. His features were as composed as
if he had been only asleep. His colour was as fresh, and his flesh as
plump and full, as in the perfect glow of health; the smile of infancy
and innocence sat on his lips. His shroud was not only entire, but
perfectly clean, without a particle of dust upon it. He seems to have
been only a few months old. The body of Lady Kilsyth was equally well
preserved; and at a little distance, from the feeble light of a taper,
it would not have been easy to distinguish whether she was dead or
alive. The features, nay the very expression of her countenance, were
marked and distinct; and it was only in a certain light that you could
distinguish anything like the ghastly and agonizing traits of a violent
death. Not a single fold of her shroud was decomposed nor a single
member impaired.

"Let the candid reader survey this sketch; let him recal to mind the
tragic tale it unfolds; and say, if he can, that it does not arrest the
attention and interest the heart. For my own part, it excited in my
memory a thousand melancholy reflections; and I could not but regret
that such rudeness had been offered to the ashes (remains) of the dead,
as to expose them thus to the public view.

"The body seemed to have been preserved in some liquid, nearly of
the colour and appearance of brandy. The whole coffin seemed to have
been full of it, and all its contents saturated with it. The body
had assumed somewhat the same tinge, but this only served to give it
a fresher look. It had none of the ghastly livid hue of death, but
rather a copper complexion. It would, I believe, have been difficult
for a chemist to ascertain the nature of this liquid; though perfectly
transparent; it had lost all its pungent qualities, its taste being
quite vapid.

"The head reclined on a pillow, and, as the covering decayed, it was
found to contain a collection of strong-scented herbs. Balm, sage,
and mint were easily distinguished; and it was the opinion of many,
that the body was filled with the same. Although the bodies were thus
entire at first, I confess I expected to see them crumble into dust;
especially as they were exposed to the open air, and the pure aromatic
fluid had evaporated; and it seems surprising that they did not. For
several weeks they underwent no visible change, and had they not been
sullied with dust and drops of grease from the candles held over them,
I am confident they might have remained as entire as ever; for even a
few months ago (many months after), the bodies were as firm and compact
as at first, and though pressed with the finger did not yield to the
touch, but seemed to retain the elasticity of the living body. Even the
shroud, through torn by the rude hands of the regardless multitude, is
still strong and free from rot.

"Perhaps the most singular phenomenon is, that the bodies seem not to
have undergone the smallest decomposition or disorganization. Several
medical gentlemen have made a small incision into the arm of the
infant; the substance of the body was quite firm, and every part in
its original state." To the above remarkable instance we may add the
following:--The tomb of Edward the First, who died on the 7th July,
1307, was opened on the 2nd of January, 1770, and after the lapse of
463 years, the body was found not decayed; the flesh on the face was a
little wasted, but not putrid.

The body of Canute the Dane, who got possession of England in the year
1017, was found very fresh in the year 1766, by the workmen repairing
Winchester Cathedral. In the year 1522, the body of William the
Conqueror was found as entire as when first buried, in the Abbey Church
of St. Stephen, at Caen; and the body of Matilda, his wife, was found
entire in 1502, in the Abbey Church of the Holy Trinity in the same
city.

No device of art, however, for the preservation of the remains of the
dead, appears equal to the simple process of plunging them over head
and ears in peat-moss.

In a manuscript by one Abraham Grey, who lived about the middle of
the 16th century, now in the possession of his representative, Mr.
Goodbehere Grey, of Old Mills, near Aberdeen, it is stated, that
in 1569, three Roman soldiers in the dress of their country, fully
equipped with warlike instruments, were dug out of a moss of great
extent, called Kazey Moss. When found, after a lapse of probably about
fifteen hundred years, they "were quite fresh and plump."


PERFUMES.

So perfect were the Egyptians in the manufacture of perfumes, that some
of their ancient ointment, preserved in an alabaster vase in the Museum
at Alnwick, still retains a very powerful odour, though it must be
between 2,000 and 3,000 years old.


FRENCH ASSIGNATS--THEIR ORIGIN.

Extraordinary devices for raising money are legitimate subjects for
our pages. Of these devices, the French Assignats are not the least
remarkable. They originated thus--in the year 1789, at the commencement
of the great Revolution in France, Talleyrand proposed in the National
Assembly a confiscation of all church property to the service of the
state. The Abbé Maury opposed this project with great vehemence, but
being supported by Mirabeau, it received the sanction of the Assembly
by an immense majority on the 2nd of November. The salaries fixed
for the priesthood were small, and, moreover, were not sufficiently
guaranteed; whence originated much misery to all classes of priests,
from the archbishops down to the humble cures; and as monastic
institutions were treated in the same way, monks and nuns were suddenly
placed in precarious circumstances regarding the means of subsistence.
Here, however, an unexpected difficulty sprang up; the National
Assembly were willing to sell church property, but buyers were wanting;
conscience, prudence, and poverty combined to lessen the number of
those willing to purchase; and thus the urgent claims of the treasury
could not be satisfied. Applications for loans were not responded to;
taxes had been extinguished; voluntary donations had dwindled almost to
nothing; and 400,000,000 of livres were necessary for the vast claims
of the year 1790. The municipalities of Paris and other cities sought
to ameliorate the state of affairs by subscribing for a certain amount
of church property, endeavouring to find private purchasers for it, and
paying the receipts into the national exchequer. This, however, being
but a very partial cure for the enormity of the evils, the National
Assembly fell upon the expedient of creating state-paper or bank-notes,
to have a forced currency throughout the kingdom. Such was the birth
of the memorable assignats. Four hundred millions of this paper were
put in circulation; and a decree was passed that church property to
that amount should be held answerable for the assignats. Our sketch
represents several of the different forms in which the Assignats were
issued to the public.

[Illustration [++] French Assignats.]


EXECUTION OF LOUIS XVI.

The judicial murder of Louis XVI. was the climax of the Revolution in
France. The Convention voted his death at three o'clock on the morning
of the 20th January, 1793, and he was taken to execution in twenty-six
hours afterwards.

[Illustration [++] Execution of Louis XVI.]

The guillotine was erected in the middle of the Place Louis XV.,
a large open square, having the Champs Elysées on one side, and
the gardens of the Tuileries on the other. The Place bristled with
artillery, and every street and avenue leading to it was crowded with
troops and armed multitudes, who had cannon with them charged with
grape-shot; while the carriage was surrounded by picked men, who
had orders to despatch the king with their carbines in case of any
rescue being attempted. At about half-past ten, the king, who had been
engaged in prayer during the ride, arrived at the spot; he descended
from the coach, and his confessor followed him. Three executioners
approached to remove his upper garments, but he put them back, and
performed that simple office for himself. He resisted somewhat the
indignity of having his hands tied, and only yielded on the entreaty
of his confessor; and had also to yield on the subject of cutting off
his back hair. He ascended the steps that led to the platform with
a firm bearing, still followed by M. Edgeworth. When on the top, he
made a sudden movement towards the edge of the scaffold, and exclaimed
with a loud and firm voice: "Frenchmen, I die innocent; it is from
the scaffold, and when about to appear before my God, that I tell
you so. I pardon my enemies; I pray that France"----Here Santerre, on
horseback, raised his right hand, and cried: "Drums! Executioners, do
your duty!" Several drummers immediately began by their noise to drown
the sound of the king's voice: and six executioners brought him to the
centre of the scaffold. He exclaimed again: "I die innocent; I ever
desired the good of my people;" but his voice could be heard only by
the executioners and the priest. He then knelt down, in order to place
his head in the appointed spot; the confessor, bending over him said:
"Son of St. Louis, ascend to heaven!" The spring of the machine was
touched, the heavy axe descended in its grooves, and the once royal
head was severed from the body. Samson, the chief executioner, took
up the bleeding head by the hair, and walked three times round the
scaffold, holding it up at arm's-length to show it to the people. The
troops and the spectators shouted: "Vive la République!" put their hats
and caps upon their bayonets and pikes, and waved them in the air,
with prolonged and re-echoing cries of "Vive la République!" "Vive la
Nation!" "Vive la Liberte!" Many of the savage men standing near the
scaffold dipped their pike-heads into the king's blood, and others
their handkerchiefs--not as a sacred memento, but as a symbol of the
downfall of all kings; they even paraded these gore-stained objects
before the windows of the Temple, that perchance the queen and her
children might see them. The headless trunk of Louis was put into a
large wicker-basket, placed in the coach, and carried to the cemetery
of La Madeleine; where, without coffin or shroud, it was thrown into a
deep pit, partly filled up with quicklime. On that same morning, one
Benoit Leduc, a tailor, who had on some occasions worked for Louis,
presented a petition to the Convention, praying to be allowed, at his
own expense, to bury the body of the king by the side of his father,
Louis XV., and under the monument raised to that prince by the city
of Sens; but the Convention rejected his petition, and ordered the
executive council to see that Louis was buried like other criminals.


A MAN AGED ONE HUNDRED YEARS CLAIMING A BOTTLE OF WINE.

John Bull, of London, stock-broker, died 1848, aged 100 years. When
at the age of about 93, and in the employ of Messrs. Spurling,
stock-brokers, he left by mistake in the office of the accountant of
the Bank of England, a large number of bank notes. On discovering
his loss, after diligently searching for the missing parcel, he went
back to the accountant's office, partly to acquaint Mr. Smee with the
circumstance, and partly as a last hope that he might there find the
missing treasure. To his great joy he found the parcel safe in the
accountant's possession, whom he earnestly implored to keep the secret,
lest his employers should think his faculties were failing. Mr. Smee
of course gave him the required assurance, and goodnaturedly added,
that when Mr. Bull should attain the age of 100 years, he would treat
him to the finest bottle of wine in his cellar. Some time before his
becoming a centenarian, he was pensioned off by his employer, and Mr.
Smee had, in all probability, quite forgotten the affair; when, true
to the engagement, the venerable, but still active old clerk, made his
appearance at the bank on the important day, and claimed the promised
bottle of wine. The claim was promptly allowed; and the last birthday
of the aged official was one of the happiest among his friends of the
long list of such events which had been its precursor. After continuing
vigorous and active, and almost free from indisposition up to this
time, he, along with many other aged persons, fell a victim to that
fatal influenza which prevailed so extensively throughout the country,
and more especially in London and its suburbs, during the autumn of
1847 and the winter of 1848.


CHARITY REWARDED BY A RICH AND LIBERAL MENDICANT.

Within the present century, a beggar in Moorfields used daily to
have a penny given him by a merchant on his way to the Exchange. The
penny was withheld, and the appearance of the merchant manifested his
embarrassment and distress. The beggar at length spoke to him, offered
him a loan of £500, and another of the same sum if it were required. It
re-established his affairs.


HACKNEY COACHMAN OF THE TIME OF CHARLES II.

The print from which the engraving on next page is taken, is one of
a set published by Overton, at the sign of the "White Horse" without
Newgate; and its similarity to the figures given by Francis Barlow in
his _Æsop's Fables_, and particularly in a most curious sheet-print
etched by that artist, exhibiting Charles the Second, the Duke of
York, &c., viewing the Races on Dorset Ferry, near Windsor, in 1687,
sufficiently proves this Hackney Coachman to have been of the reign of
that monarch.

The early Hackney Coachman did not sit upon the box as the present
drivers do, but upon the horse, like a postillion; his whip is short
for that purpose; his boots, which have large open broad tops, must
have been much in his way, and exposed to the weight of the rain. His
coat was not according to the fashion of the present drivers as to the
numerous capes, which certainly are most rational appendages, as the
shoulders never get wet; the front of the coat has not the advantage of
the present folding one, as it is single breasted.

His hat was pretty broad, and so far he was screened from the weather.
Another convincing proof that he rode as a postillion is, that his
boots are spurred. In that truly curious print representing the very
interesting Palace of Nonsuch, engraved by Hoefnagle, in the reign of
Queen Elizabeth, the coachman who drives the royal carriage in which
the Queen is seated, is placed on a low seat behind the horses, and has
a long whip to command those he guides. How soon, after Charles the
Second's time, the Hackney Coachmen rode on a box we have not been able
to learn, but in all the prints of King William's time the coachmen are
represented upon the box, though by no means so high as at present;
nor was it the fashion at the time of Queen Anne to be so elevated as
to deprive the persons in the carriage of the pleasure of looking over
their shoulders.

In 1637, the number of Hackney Coaches in London was confined to 50,
in 1652 to 200, in 1654 to 300, in 1662 to 400, in 1694 to 700, in
1710 to 800, in 1771 to 1,000, and in 1802 to 1,100. In imitation of
our Hackney Coaches, Nicholas Sauvage introduced the Fiacres at Paris,
in the year 1650. The hammer-cloth is an ornamental covering of the
coach-box. Mr. S. Pegge says, "The coachman formerly used to carry a
hammer, pincers, a few nails, &c., in a leather pouch hanging to his
box, and this cloth was devised for the hiding of them from public
view."

[Illustration [++] Hackney Coachman.]

It is said that the sum of £1,500, arising from the duty on Hackney
Coaches, was applied to part of the expense in rebuilding Temple Bar.


A LONDON WATER-CARRIER IN OLDEN TIMES.

The conduits of London and its environs, which were established at
an early period, supplied the metropolis with water until Sir Hugh
Middleton brought the New River from Amwell to London, and then the
conduits gradually fell into disuse, as the New River water was by
degrees laid on in pipes to the principal buildings in the City, and,
in the course of time, let into private houses.

When the conduits afforded a supply, the inhabitants either carried
their vessels, or sent their servants for the water as they wanted it;
but we may suppose that at an early period there were a number of men
who for a fixed sum carried the water to the adjoining houses.

The figure of a Water-carrier in the following engraving, is copied
from one of a curious and rare set of cries and callings of London,
published by Overton, at the "White Horse" without Newgate. The figure
retains the dress of Henry the Eighth's time; his cap is similar to
that usually worn by Sir Thomas More, and also to that given in the
portrait of Albert Durer, engraved by Francis Stock. It appears by this
print, that the tankard was borne upon the shoulder, and, to keep the
carrier dry, two towels were fastened over him, one to fall before him,
the other to cover his back. His pouch, in which we are to conclude he
carried his money, has been thus noticed in a very curious and rare
tract, entitled, _Green's Ghost, with the merry Conceits of Doctor
Pinch-backe_, published 1626: "To have some store of crownes in his
purse, coacht in a faire trunke flop, like a boulting hutch."

[Illustration [++] Water-Carrier.]


EXPENSES OF A ROYAL PRISONER TWO HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

The following curious document is a return, by the Parliamentary
Committee of Revenue, of the expenses of Charles the First and
his retinue, during a residence of twenty days, at Holdenby, in
Northamptonshire, in the year 1647, commencing February the 13th and
ending March the 4th inclusive. Sir Christopher Hatton had built a
splendid mansion at Holdenby in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and
to it King Charles was conveyed a prisoner by the Parliamentary
Commissioners, after he had been given up to them by the Scottish
army:--

    His Majestie's diet of xxviij dishes at xxxl. per diem          £700
    The Lords' diet of xx days                                       520
    For the Clarke of the green cloth, kitchen, and spicery,
          a messe of vij dishes                                       40
    Dyetts for the household and chamber officers, and the guard     412
    Board wages for common houshold servants, pott and scourers,
          and turnbroaches                                            36
    Badges of Court and riding wages                                 140
    For linnen for his Majestie's table, the lords and other diets   273
    For wheat, wood, and cole                                        240
    For all sorts of spicery store, wax-lights, torches,
          and tallow-lights                                          160
    For pewter, brasse, and other necessaries incident to all
          officers and carriages                                     447


WOMAN'S CLEVERNESS.

It is a singular fact that on one occasion the lives of thousands,
probably, of the Irish Protestants, were saved by a clever device,
which the unaided wit and presence of mind of a woman enabled her to
plan and execute.

At the latter end of Queen Mary's reign, a commission was signed for
the purpose of punishing the heretics in that kingdom, and Dr. Cole,
Dean of St. Paul's, was honoured with this _humane_ appointment, to
execute which, he set off with great alacrity. On his arrival at
Chester, he sent for the mayor to sup with him, and in the course of
conversation related his business; then going to his cloak-bag, he took
out the box containing the commission, and having shewn it, with great
joy exclaimed, 'This will lash the heretics of Ireland.' Mrs. Edmonds,
the landlady, overheard this discourse, and having several relations
in Ireland, who were Protestants as well as herself, resolved to put a
trick upon the doctor; and while he went to attend the magistrate to
the door, took the commission out of the box, and in its room placed a
pack of cards, with the knave of clubs uppermost. The zealous doctor,
suspecting nothing of the matter, put up his box, took shipping,
and, arriving safe in Dublin, went immediately to the Viceroy. A
council was called; and, after a speech, the doctor delivered his box,
which being opened by the secretary, the first thing that presented
itself was the knave of clubs. This sight surprised the Viceroy and
the council, but much more the doctor, who assured them that he had
received a commission from the Queen, but what was come of it, he could
not tell. 'Well, well,' replied the Viceroy, 'you must go back for
another, and we will shuffle the cards in the mean time.' The doctor
accordingly hastened across the channel; but at Holyhead he received
the intelligence of the Queen's death, and the accession of Elizabeth,
who settled on Mrs. Edmonds a pension of forty pounds a year, for
saving her Protestant subjects in Ireland.


DRESS IN THE PROVINCES IN 1777.

In the days when mail-coaches had not begun to run, and when railroads
and telegraphs had not entered into the imagination of man, the style
of dress in the provinces was often very different to what it was in
London, and on this account the following paragraph is deserving of
record. We have taken it from a copy of the _Nottingham Journal_, of
September 6, 1777, where it is headed "Ladies undress."--"The ladies'
fashionable undress, commonly called a _dishabille_, to pay visits in
the morning, also for walking in the country, on account of its being
neat, light, and short, consists of a jacket, the front part of which
is made like a sultana; the back part is cut out in four pieces; the
middle part is not wider at the bottom than about half an inch; the
sides in proportion very narrow. The materials most in vogue are, white
muslins with a coloured printed border chintz pattern, printed on
purpose, in borders about an inch deep. The silks, which are chiefly
lutestrings, are mostly trimmed with gauze. The gauze is tuckered upon
the bottom of the jacket, and edged with different-coloured fringes.
The petticoat is drawn up in a festoon, and tied with a true lover's
knot, two tassels hanging down from each festoon. A short gauze apron,
striped or figured, cut in three scollops at the bottom, and trimmed
round, with a broad trimming closely plaited; the middle of the apron
has three scollops reversed. The cuffs are puckered in the shape of a
double pine, one in the front of the arm, the other behind, but the
front rather lower. To complete this dress for summer walking, the most
elegant and delicate ladies carry a long japanned walking-cane, with
an ivory hook head, and on the middle of the cane is fastened a silk
umbrella, or what the French call 'a parasol,' which defends them from
the sun and slight showers of rain. It opens by a spring, and it is
pushed up towards the head of the cane, when expanded for use. Hats,
with the feathers spread, chiefly made of chip, covered with fancy
gauze puckered, variegated artificial flowers, bell tassels, and other
decorations, are worn large."


A GROUP OF RELICS.

The Dagger of Raoul de Courcy, of which a representation is included
in the cut over leaf, is an interesting relic, and its authenticity
can be relied upon. Raoul de Courcy, according to the old French
chroniclers was a famous knight, the lord of a noble castle, built
upon a mountain that overlooks the Valée d'Or, and the descendant of
that haughty noble who took for his motto: "Neither king, nor prince,
nor duke, nor earl am I, but I am the Lord of Courcy"--in other words,
greater than them all. He fell in love with the wife of his neighbour,
the Lord of Fayel, and the beautiful Gabrielle loved him in return.
One night he went as usual to meet her in a tower of the Château of
Fayel, but found himself face to face with her lord and master. Raoul
escaped, and Gabrielle was ever after closely guarded. Still they found
the opportunity for numerous interviews, at which they interchanged
their vows of love. At length, Raoul, like a true knight, set out to
fight beneath the banner of the Cross, for the possession of the Holy
Sepulchre. Ere he went, at a stolen meeting, he bade the fair Gabrielle
adieu, giving to her "a silken love-knot, with locks of his own hair
worked in with the threads of silk." She gave him a costly ring,
which she had always worn, and which he swore to wear till his last
breath. What tears were shed--what kisses were exchanged at this last
meeting!--for the Holy Land was very far from France in the Middle Ages.

On his arrival in Syria, Ralph de Courcy became known as the "Knight of
Great Deeds," for it seems he could only conquer his love by acts of
daring valour. After braving every danger, he was at length wounded in
the side by an arrow, at the siege of Acre. The king of England took
him in his arms with respect, and gave him the kiss of hope, but the
arrow was a poisoned one, Raoul felt that he had little time to live.
He stretched out his arms towards France, exclaiming, "France, France!
Gabrielle, Gabrielle!"

He resolved to return home, but he was hardly on board the ship that
was to waft him there, ere he summoned his squire, and begged of him
after he was dead, to carry his heart to France, and to give it the
Lady Fayel, with all the armlets, diamonds, and other jewels which he
possessed, as pledges of love and remembrance.

The heart was embalmed, and the squire sought to deliver his precious
legacy. He disguised himself in a mean dress, but unluckily met with
the Lord of Fayel, and, not knowing him, applied to him for information
as to how admittance into the château could be gained. The Lord of
Fayel at once attacked and disarmed the poor squire, who was wounded in
the side with a hunting-hanger. The precious packet was soon torn open,
and the heart discovered. The Lord of Fayel hastened home, and, giving
it to his cook, desired that it might be dressed with such a sauce as
would make it very palatable.

Raoul's heart was served up at table, and the fair Gabrielle partook of
it. When she had finished eating, the Lord of Fayel said--"Lady, was
the meat you eat good?" She replied, that the meat was good. "That is
the reason I had it cooked," said the Castellan; "for know that this
same meat, which you found so good, was the heart of Raoul de Courcy."

"Lord of Fayel," said Gabrielle, "the vengeance you have taken
corresponds with the meanness of your soul; you have made me eat his
heart, but it is the last meat I shall ever eat. After such noble food
I will never partake of any other."

She fainted, and only recovered her consciousness a few minutes before
death. Such is the history of Raoul de Courcy and the Lady Gabrielle,
as told in the language of the old chroniclers.

[Illustration: 1. Dagger of Raoul de Courcy. 2. Embroidered Glove,
presented by Mary Queen of Scotland, on the Morning of her Execution,
to one of her Attendants. 3. Spanish Dagger of the Sixteenth Century.
4. Ring, with Inscription, "Behold the End," formerly the Property of
Charles I. 5. Silver Locket, in Memory of the Execution of Charles I.]

The glove shown in the engraving is said to have been presented by
the unfortunate Queen Mary, on the morning of her execution, to a
lady of the Denny family. The embroidery is of tasteful design, and
may be useful as a contrast with many of the patterns for needlework
at present in fashion. Moreover, the sight of this memorial brings
to recollection a few particulars in connection with this somewhat
important part of both male and female costume.

The ancient Persians wore gloves, and the Romans, towards the decline
of the empire, began to use them. In England they seemed to have been
introduced at a very early period. In the Anglo-Saxon literature we
meet with _glof_, a covering for the hand, and in the illuminated MSS.
of that period the hands of bishops and other dignitaries are shown
encased in gloves which, in many instances, were ornamented with costly
rings; while on the tombs of kings and queens, &c., the hands are shown
almost invariably covered.

It is related of the patron Saint of Brussels, who lived in the sixth
century, that she was famous for only two miracles: one consisted
in lighting a candle by means of her prayers, after it had been
extinguished; the other happened in this way--the fair saint being in a
church barefooted, a person near, with respectful gallantry, took off
his gloves and attempted to place them under her feet. This comfort she
declined; and, kicking the gloves away, they became suspended at some
height in the church for the space of an hour.

On opening the tomb of Edward the First, some years ago, in Westminster
Abbey, the antiquaries assembled on that occasion were surprised to
find no traces of gloves. It has been suggested that in this instance
linen or silk gloves had been used at the burial of the king, but which
are supposed to have perished with age.

The practice of throwing down a glove as a challenge, is mentioned by
Matthew Paris as far back as 1245; and a glove was worn in the hat or
cap as a mistress's favour, as the memorial of a friend, and as a mark
to be challenged by an enemy.

At a time when the Borders were in a state of incessant strife, Barnard
Gilpin, who has been so justly called "the Apostle of the North,"
wandered unharmed amid the confusion. On one occasion, entering a
church (we believe that of Rothbury, Northumberland,) he observed a
glove suspended in a conspicuous place, and was informed that it had
been hung up as a challenge by some horse-trooper of the district. Mr.
Gilpin requested the sexton to remove it; who answered, "Not I sir, I
dare not do it." Then Gilpin called for a long staff, took down the
glove, and put it in his bosom, and in the course of his sermon, said,
"I hear that there is one among you who has even in this sacred place
hung up a glove in defiance;" and then producing it in the midst of
the congregation, he challenged them to compete with him in acts of
Christian charity.

Gloves, in former times, were common amongst other gifts offered to
friends at the new year; and they were received without offence by
the ministers of justice. It is related that Sir Thomas More, as Lord
Chancellor, decreed in favour of Mrs. Crooker against the Earl of
Arundel. On the following New-year's day, in token of her gratitude,
she presented Sir Thomas with a pair of gloves containing forty angels.
"It would be against good manners," said the chancellor, "to forsake
the ladies' New-year's gift, and I accept the gloves; the lining you
may bestow otherwise."

The custom of the presentation by the sheriff of a pair of white gloves
to the judge on the occasion of a maiden assize is still in vogue; and,
judging from the reports in the newspapers, such presents appear to be
of frequent occurrence.

"Gloves, as sweet as damask roses," were highly prized by Queen
Elizabeth, and, in her day, formed such an important item of a lady's
expenses, that a sum was generally allowed for "glove money."

The old fashioned gloves have now a considerable value amongst the
curious. At the sale of the Earl of Arran's goods in 1759, the gloves
given by Henry VIII. to Sir Anthony Denny, sold for 38_l._ 17s.; those
given by James I. to Edward Denny, sold for 22_l._ 4s.; and the mitten
given by Queen Elizabeth to Sir Edward Denny's lady, for 25_l._ 4s.

Some of the English towns which formerly were famous for the
manufacture of gloves, still keep up their character. Amongst these
Woodstock, Yeovil, Leominster, Ludlow, and Worcester may be mentioned.

The Spanish dagger formerly belonged to a governor of Castile, in the
sixteenth century, as is shown by the perforated fetter-lock on the
blade; and although the initials are engraven there also, we have
not been able to discover any particulars of the original owner. The
workmanship and style of the dagger are of great beauty.

The little ring with the inscription "Behold the end," was once the
property of Charles I., and was presented by him to Bishop Juxon on the
morning of his execution. The silver lockets, on which are the emblems
of death, were extensively manufactured and sold after the execution of
Charles I. They generally bore the date of the king's death.


THE HAMSTER RAT.

There are various kinds of rats, and one of these is the Hamster, of
the genus Cricetus of Cuvier. Though rare in Europe to the west of
the Rhine, it is widely spread from that river to the Danube on the
south-west, and north-easterly through a vast extent of country into
Siberia. We notice it in our pages on account of its extraordinary
habits. Its life appears to be divided between eating and fighting.
It seems to have no other passion than that of rage, which induces it
to attack every animal that comes in its way, without in the least
attending to the superior strength of its enemy. Ignorant of the art
of saving itself by flight, rather than yield, it will allow itself to
be beaten to pieces with a stick. If it seizes a man's hand, it must
be killed before it will quit its hold. The magnitude of the horse
terrifies it as little as the address of the dog, which last is fond of
hunting it. When the hamster perceives a dog at a distance, it begins
by emptying its cheek-pouches if they happen to be filled with grain;
it then blows them up so prodigiously, that the size of the head and
neck greatly exceed that of the rest of the body. It raises itself on
its hind legs, and thus darts upon the enemy. If it catches hold, it
never quits it but with the loss of its life; but the dog generally
seizes it from behind, and strangles it. This ferocious disposition
prevents the hamster from being at peace with any animal whatever. It
even makes war against its own species. When two hamsters meet, they
never fail to attack each other, and the stronger always devours the
weaker. A combat between a male and a female commonly lasts longer
than between two males. They begin by pursuing and biting each other,
then each of them retires aside, as if to take breath. After a short
interval, they renew the combat, and continue to fight till one of them
falls. The vanquished uniformly serves for a repast to the conqueror.


KNAVERY OF THE PRIESTS IN BURMAH.

[Illustration: Burmese Priest Preaching.]

The manner in which an uncivilized people will calmly submit to be
duped by the extortionate rascality of their priests, is strongly
exhibited in the kingdom of Burmah. The people who are there held in
the highest estimation are the priests. Any one who pleases may be
a priest. The priests pretend to be poor, and go out begging every
morning with their empty dishes in their hands; but they get them well
filled, and then return to their handsome houses, all shining with
gold, in which they live together in plenty and in pride. They are
expected to dress in rags, to show that they are poor; but not liking
rags, they cut up cloth in little pieces, and sew the pieces together
to make their yellow robes; and this they call wearing rags. They
pretend to be so modest, that they do not like to show their faces, and
so hide them with a fan, even when they preach; for they do preach in
their way, that is, they tell foolish stories about Buddha. The name
they give him is Guadama, while the Chinese call him Fo. They have
five hundred and fifty stories written in their books about him; for
they say he was once a bird, a fly, an elephant, and all manner of
creatures, and was so good whatever he was, that at last he was born
the son of a king. Is it not marvellous that a whole people should, for
generation after generation, not only submit to be thus scandalously
cheated, but should also hold those who cheat them in the highest
esteem? A curious fact, indeed, in the history of mankind.


MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.

One of the most singular circumstances occurred a few years ago that
ever came within our observation. Mr. Charlton, surgeon, of Wylam, near
Newcastle-on-Tyne, having at a late hour been called upon in haste
to give his attendance at Ovingham, borrowed a spirited horse of a
friend, that he might proceed with the least possible delay. He had
not gone above half a mile when he perceived his horse stumble, and
he immediately threw himself from the saddle. It was fortunate he did
so, for the next instant his horse had fallen down a precipice of near
seventy feet; and, incredible as it may seem, the animal sustained no
injury, but immediately dashed into the Tyne, and swam to the opposite
side. Search was made after him, and hearing his master's voice, he was
heard to neigh even across the water in token of recognition, and was
ultimately restored without speck or blemish.


A NATIONAL TASTE FOR GAMING.

It is a remarkable fact that a taste for gaming appears in some cases
to pervade a whole people, and to become one of the chief national
characteristics. No where is this more manifest than among the
inhabitants of the Asiatic Islands.

Games of hazard are the favourites of these islanders. Some of them
they have learned of the Chinese, the most debauched of gamesters, and
others of the Portuguese. The only game of hazard, of native origin,
among the Javanese consists in guessing the number of a certain kind of
beans which the players hold in their hands.

But of all the species of gaming that to which the Indian islanders
are most fondly addicted is betting on the issue of the combats of
pugnacious animals, and particularly the cock. The breed in highest
estimation is the produce of Celebes. The people of Java fight their
cocks without spurs; but the Malays and natives of Celebes with an
artificial spur, in the shape of a small scythe, which, notwithstanding
its barbarous appearance, is in reality less destructive than the
contrivance employed among ourselves.

Quail fighting also is extremely common in Java. The most famous breed
of this bird is found in the island of Lombok; and it is a singular
fact, that the female is used in these bitter but bloodless combats,
the male being comparatively small and timid. Neither do the Javanese
hesitate to bet considerable sums on a battle between two crickets,
which are excited to the conflict by the titillation of a blade of
grass judiciously applied to their noses. They will likewise risk their
money on the strength and hardness of a nut, called _kamiri_; and much
skill, patience and dexterity, are exercised in the selection and
the strife. At other times two paper kites decide the fortune of the
parties; the object of each in this contest being to cut the string of
his adversary. On a favourable day fifty or sixty kites, raised for
this purpose, may sometimes be seen hovering over a Javanese city.


A FRIEND TO PHYSIC.

Mr. Samuel Jessup, who died at Heckington, Lincolnshire, in 1817,
was an opulent grazier and of pill-taking memory. He lived in a
very eccentric way, as a bachelor, without known relatives, and at
his decease was possessed of a good fortune, notwithstanding a most
inordinate craving for physic, by which he was distinguished for the
last thirty years of his life, as appeared on a trial for the amount of
an apothecary's bill, at the assizes at Lincoln, a short time before
Mr. Jessup's death, wherein he was defendant. The evidence on the trial
affords the following materials for the epitaph of the deceased, which
will not be transcended by the memorabilia of the life of any man. In
twenty-one years (from 1791 to 1816) the deceased took 226,934 pills
(supplied by a most highly respectable apothecary and worthy person
of the name of Wright, who resided at Bottesford), which is at the
rate of 10,806 pills a year, or 29 pills each day; but as the patient
begun with a more moderate appetite, and increased it as he proceeded,
in the last five years preceding 1816, he took the pills at the rate
of 78 a-day, and in the year 1814, he swallowed not less than 51,590.
Notwithstanding this, and the addition of 40,000 bottles of mixture,
and juleps and electuaries, extending altogether to fifty-five closely
written columns of an apothecary's bill, the deceased lived to attain
the advanced age of sixty-five years.


AN INCULPATORY EPITAPH.

The following epitaph at West Allington, Devon, is deserving a place in
our record of curiosities, inasmuch as it appears to be a successful
attempt in making a monumental stone, both a memorial of the deceased,
and also a means of reproving the parson of the parish:--

            "Here lyeth the Body of
          Daniel Jeffery the Son of Michael
          Jeffery and Joan his Wife he
          was buried y{e} 22 day of September
          1746 and in y{e} 18{th} year of his age.
    This Youth When In his sickness lay
    did for the minister Send + that he would
    Come and With him Pray + But he would not ate{nd}
    But When this young man Buried was
    The minister did him admit + he should be
    Caried into Church + that he might money geet
    By this you See what man will dwo + to geet
    money if he can + who did refuse to come
    pray + by the Foresaid young man."


HUNTING A SHEEP KILLER.

It has been remarked, that when once a dog acquires wild habits, and
takes to killing sheep, he does far more mischief than a wild beast,
since to the cunning of the tamed animal he adds the ferocity of the
untamed. A remarkable case of this sort is mentioned in the following
paragraph, which we have copied from the _Newcastle Courant_ of the
year 1823. It is also curious to note the account of the chase, and of
the joy which the whole country-side seems to have manifested at the
slaughter of the animal.--September 21--A few days ago a dog of a most
destructive nature infested the fells of Caldbeck, Carrock, and High
Pike, about sixteen miles south of Carlisle. Little doubt remains of
its being the same dog which has been so injurious to the farmers in
the northern parts of Northumberland, as no less than sixty sheep or
upwards have fallen victims to its ferocity. It was thought proper to
lose no time in attempting to destroy it, and Tuesday last was fixed
upon. Sir H. Fletcher, Bart., of Clea Hall, offered his pack of hounds,
and several other dogs with about fifty horsemen set out from Hesket
New-market. Several persons with firearms were stationed at different
parts. The dog was descried upon an eminence of Carrock-fell, and on
sight of the pursuers set off by way of Hesket New-market, Stocklewath,
and Barwick-field, then returned by Cowclose, Castle Sowerby, and
attempted to gain the fells again, when Mr. Sewell, farmer at Wedlock,
lying in ambush at Mossdale, fired, and succeeded in shooting him. He
appears to be of the Newfoundland breed, of a common size, wire-haired,
and extremely lean. During the chase he frequently turned upon the dogs
which were headmost, and so wounded several as obliged them to give up
the pursuit. The joy manifested on this occasion was uncommon, insomuch
that on the day following about thirty persons sat down to a dinner
provided at Mr. Tomlinson's, Hesket New-market. Upon the most moderate
computation, excluding the various windings, the chase could not be
less than thirty miles, and occupied no less than six hours.


LONGEVITY.

Henry Jenkins, of Ellerton-upon-Swale, Yorkshire, died 1670, aged 169.
He remembered the battle of Flodden Field, fought between the English
and the Scotch, September 9, 1513, when he was about twelve years old.
He was then sent to Northallerton with a cartload of arrows, but an
older boy was employed to convey them to the army. At Ellerton there
was also living, at the same time, four or five other old men, reputed
to be of the age of one hundred years and thereabouts, and they all
testified that Jenkins was an elderly man when first they knew him.
Jenkins was once butler to Lord Conyers; he perfectly remembered the
Abbot of Fountain's Dale before the dissolution of the monasteries.
In the last century of his life he was a fisherman, and often swam in
the river after he was a hundred years old. In the King's Remembrancer
Office in the Exchequer, there is a record of a deposition in a cause,
taken April, 1665, at Kettlewell, Yorkshire, where Henry Jenkins, of
Ellerton-upon-Swale, labourer, aged 157 years, was produced, and made
deposition as a witness. He was buried at Bolton, Yorkshire. In 1743,
a monument, with a suitable inscription, was erected to perpetuate his
memory.


THE PULPIT OF JOHN KNOX AT ST. ANDREW'S.

John Knox, the great precursor of the Protestant Reformation, having
been driven from Edinburgh by the threats of his opponents, reluctantly
withdrew to St. Andrew's, in the county of Fife, where he continued
with undiminished boldness to denounce the enemies of the reformed
faith. It was in that place that he had first discoursed against the
degeneracy of the Church of Rome, and there he occupied the Pulpit
represented in the accompanying engraving; and the following curious
and characteristic anecdote connected with his preaching in it, is
related in the Manuscript Diary of James Melville, then a student at
the college of St. Andrew's, and subsequently Minister of Anstruther.
"Of all the benefits I haid that year (1571) was the coming of that
maist notable profet and apostle of our nation, Mr. Jhone Knox, to St.
Andrew's: who, be the faction of the Queen occupying the castell and
town of Edinburgh, was compellit to remove therefra, with a number
of the best, and chusit to come to St. Andrew's. I heard him teache
there the Prophecies of Daniel that simmer, and the winter following;
I haid my pen and my little buike, and tuk away sic things as I could
comprehend. In the opening up of his text he was moderat the space of
an half houre; but when he onterit to application, he made me so to
_grew_ (thrill) and tremble, that I could not hold a pen to wryt. He
was very weak. I saw him every day of his life go _hulie and fear_
(hoolie and fairly--slowly and warily) with a furring of marticks,
(martins) about his neck, a staffe in the ane hand, and gud godlie
Richard Ballanden, his servand, haldin up the uther _oxier_ (arm-pit),
from the Abbey to the Parish-Kirk; and be the said Richart and another
servant lifted up to the Pulpit, whar he _behovit_ (was obliged) to
lean at his first entry: bot er he had done with his sermone he was sa
active and vigourous, that he was lyk to _ding the pulpit in blads_
(beat it into shivers) and flie out of it."

[Illustration [++] Pulpit of John Knox at St. Andrew's.]

The interesting relique commemorated in this curious extract, is
of that stately style of carving which was introduced towards the
close of the sixteenth century in Protestant preaching-places; and
continued, though of a more heavy character, throughout the whole of
the succeeding century. A scroll-bracket remaining on the preacher's
left hand, and some broken pieces at the top of the back, appear to
indicate that it was once more extended, and had probably a canopy or
sounding-board.


THE BIBLE USED BY KING CHARLES THE FIRST ON THE SCAFFOLD.

[Illustration [++] Bible Used by Charles the First on the Scaffold.]

There is so much external evidence of the genuineness of this very
beautiful and interesting relique, that no doubt can exist as to its
perfect authenticity, though the circumstance of the King having a
Bible with him on the scaffold, and of presenting it to Dr. Juxon, is
not mentioned in any contemporaneous account of his death. The only
notice of such a volume, as a dying gift, appears to be that recorded
by Sir Thomas Herbert, in his narrative, which forms a part of the
_Memoirs of the last Two Years of the Reign of that unparalleled Prince
of ever-blessed memory, King Charles I._ London, 1702, 8vo, p. 129, in
the following passage:--"The King thereupon gave him his hand to kiss:
having the day before been graciously pleased under his royal hand,
to give him a certificate that the said Mr. Herbert was not imposed
upon him, but by his Majesty made choice of to attend him in his
bed-chamber, and had served him with faithfulness and loyal affection.
His Majesty also delivered him his Bible, in the margin whereof he
had with his own hand, written many annotations and quotations, and
charged him to give it to the Prince so soon as he returned." That this
might be the book represented in our engraving, is rendered extremely
probable, by admitting that the King would be naturally anxious, that
his son should possess that very copy of the Scriptures which had been
provided for himself when he was Prince of Wales. It will be observed
that the cover of the volume is decorated with the badge of the
Principality within the Garter, surmounted by a royal coronet in silver
gilt, inclosed by an embroidered border; the initials C. P. apparently
improperly altered to an R., and the badges of the Rose and Thistle,
upon a ground of blue velvet: and the book was therefore bound between
the death of Prince Henry in 1612, and the accession of King Charles
to the throne in 1625, when such a coronet would be no longer used by
him. If the Bible here represented were that referred to by Herbert,
the circumstance of Bishop Juxon becoming the possessor of it might
be accounted for, by supposing that it was placed in his hands to be
transmitted to Charles II. with the George of the Order of the Garter
belonging to the late King, well known to have been given to that
Prelate upon the scaffold, January 30th, 1648-9.


LAMBETH WELLS, THE APOLLO GARDENS, AND FINCH'S GROTTO.

Among the numerous public places of amusement which arose upon the
success of Vauxhall Gardens, which were first opened about 1661, was
one in Lambeth Walk, known as Lambeth Wells. This place was first
opened on account of its mineral waters, which were sold at a penny
per quart. The music commenced at seven o'clock in the morning, and
the price of admission was three pence. A monthly concert under the
direction of Mr. Starling Goodwin, organist of St. Saviour's Church
Southwark, was afterwards held here, and Erasmus King, who had been
coachman to the celebrated Dr. Desaguliers, read lectures and exhibited
experiments in natural philosophy, the price of admission being raised
to sixpence.

This place was open before 1698, and existed as late as 1752, when "A
Penny Wedding after the Scotch fashion, for the benefit of a young
couple," was advertised to be kept there.

Lambeth Wells at length becoming a public nuisance, the premises were
shut up, and ultimately let as a Methodist Meeting-house. The music
gallery was used as a pulpit; but the preacher being greatly disturbed
in his enthusiastic harangues, he was obliged to quit, when the
premises were converted to various purposes, except the dwelling, which
is now known by the sign of the Fountain public-house.

On the site of Messrs. Maudslay's factory, in the Westminster Road,
formerly stood the Apollo Gardens. This place of amusement was opened
in 1788, by an ingenious musician named Clagget, who published, in
1793, a small quarto pamphlet, entitled "Musical Phenomena: An Organ
made without Pipes, Strings, Bells, or Glasses; the only Instrument in
the world that will never require to be re-tuned. A Cromatic Trumpet,
capable of producing just Intervals, and regular Melodies in all Keys,
without undergoing any change whatever. A French Horn answering the
above description of the Trumpet."

The Apollo Gardens had one spacious room elegantly fitted up, and
decorated in taste suitably to its intention. The gardens consisted
of a number of elegant pavilions or alcoves, well adapted for the
accommodation of different companies; they were ornamented chiefly with
a succession of paintings, relating to romantic histories, particularly
the different adventures of Don Quixote. It had a fine orchestra
erected in the centre of the gardens. The place being ultimately
converted into a receptacle for loose and dissolute characters, the
magistracy very properly suppressed it about the year 1799.

In Gravel Lane, Southwark, was Finch's Grotto, a public garden and
place of amusement, so named from William Finch, the proprietor. The
Grotto was opened to the public in 1770 upon the plan of Vauxhall
gardens. An orchestra and a band of musicians, added to the rural
character of the place, and drew a numerous body of visitors.

Very little is known about the Grotto, but it is supposed to have been
closed early in the present century.


THE DUCK-BILLED PLATYPUS, OR, ORNITHORYNCHUS PARADOXUS.

[Illustration [++] Duck-billed Platypus.]

Of the genus _Ornithorynchus_ only one species--the _Paradoxus_--has
yet been discovered in the whole world, and it is, therefore, one of
the great curiosities of animal life. It appears to be a union of a
quadruped and a bird, and is only to be found in New Holland, where it
inhabits the reeds by the side of rivers. Our engraving represents it
very accurately. It is about twenty inches long, having a flattened
body, somewhat like the otter, and is clothed with a dark soft fur.
The elongated nose very much resembles the beak of a duck, like which
these animals feed upon water insects, shell-fish, and aquatic plants.
The feet are five-toed and webbed, and in the fore-feet this membrane
extends beyond the nails: the male is armed with a spur on each hind
leg. This curious animal, in which a duck's beak is united to the body
of a quadruped, rolls itself up like a hedgehog, when it sleeps in its
burrows on the banks of the streams whence its food is derived.


ORIGIN OF BOLTON ABBEY.

About midway up the Vale of Bolton, amidst the gloomy recesses of
the woods, the Wharfe, which is otherwise a wide and shallow river,
is suddenly contracted by two huge rocks, which approach each other
so nearly, that the country folk, or rather the villagers, call it
the _Strid_, because adventurous people stride or leap from one rock
to the other. In ancient days, the whole of this valley belonged to
Baron Romillie, whose eldest son having died, left a younger brother,
of the name of EGREMONT, sole heir of the domains and inheritance of
this family. One day, however, when this young man, familiarly called
the "Boy of Egremont," was returning from hunting with the hounds in
the _leash_, he, as he had done many times before, was going to leap
the _Strid_, when, just as he had attempted it, the hounds held back,
and precipitated him headlong into the deep and awful chasm, which the
impetuous fall of water (thus produced by the sudden contraction of the
river) had worn in the base of the two rude rocks, and he was never
seen afterwards. The Baron, being now left childless, built the Abbey,
and endowed it with the domains of Bolton.


LENGTH OF LIFE WITHOUT BODILY EXERCISE.

The Rev. William Davies, Rector of Staunton-upon-Wye, and Vicar of
All Saints, Hereford, died 1790, aged 105. The life of this gentleman
displays one of the most extraordinary instances of departure from all
those rules of temperance and exercise, which so much influence the
lives of the mass of mankind, that is, probably to be found in the
whole records of longevity. During the last thirty-five years of his
life, he never used any other exercise than that of just slipping his
feet, one before the other, from room to room; and they never after
that time were raised, but to go down or up stairs, a task, however, to
which he seldom subjected himself. His breakfast was hearty; consisting
of hot _rolls well buttered_, with a plentiful supply of tea or coffee.
His dinner was substantial, and frequently consisted of a variety of
dishes. At supper he generally eat hot roast meat, and always drank
wine, though never to excess. Though nearly blind for a number of
years, he was always cheerful in his manners, and entertaining in his
conversation, and was much beloved by all who knew him. He had neither
gout, stone, paralysis, rheumatism, nor any of those disagreeable
infirmities which mostly attend old age; but died peaceably in the
full possession of all his faculties, mental and corporeal, save his
eyesight. Like most long livers he was very short of stature.


EXTRAORDINARY FASHION IN CIGARS.

A taste for tobacco in some form or other seems to extend over the
whole inhabitable globe. In this respect it matters not whether nations
are civilized or uncivilized; and however completely they may differ
from each other in everything else, they all agree in a fondness for
"the weed." In the mode, however, of indulging in the luxury, there is
the greatest diversity, and no where is this more strikingly manifested
than in the Philippine Islands.

"It is not till evening that the inhabitants of the higher class begin
to stir; till that time they are occupied in eating, sleeping, and
smoking tobacco, which is no where more general than on the island of
Luzon; for children, before they can walk, begin to smoke segars. The
women carry their fondness for it to a greater height than the men;
for, not content with the usual small segars, they have others made
for them, which are a foot long and proportionably thick. These are
here called the women's segars, and it is a most ludicrous sight to see
elegant ladies taking their evening walk, with these burning brands in
their mouths."

How widely does the fashion in Luzon differ from the fashion at Paris!


NOVEL WAY OF PURCHASING A HUSBAND.

The following paragraph, which we have copied from a magazine of 1790,
not only gives us a curious instance of female determination in the
pursuit of a husband, but tells us of the price which human hair was
worth at the period when ladies wore such monstrous head-dresses of
false curls.

"An Oxfordshire lass was lately courted by a young man of that country,
who was not willing to marry her unless her friends could advance
50_l._ for her portion; which they being incapable of doing, the lass
came to London to try her fortune, where she met with a good chapman
in the Strand, who made a purchase of her hair (which was delicately
long and light), and gave her _sixty pounds_ for it, being 20 ounces
at 3_l. an ounce_; with which money she joyfully returned into the
country, and bought her a husband."


GLOVES.--ORIGIN OF "PIN MONEY."

Gloves were very common as New Year's gifts. For many hundreds of years
after their introduction into England in the 10th century, they were
worn only by the most opulent classes of society, and hence constituted
a valuable present. They are often named in old records. Exchange of
gloves was at one period a mode of investiture into possession of
property, as amongst the ancient Jews was that of a shoe or sandal; and
"glove-money" is to this day presented by High Sheriffs to the officers
of their courts, upon occasion of a maiden assize, or one in which
no cause is tried. Pins, which at the commencement of the sixteenth
century displaced the wooden skewers previously in use, became a
present of similar consequence; and at their first introduction were
considered of so much importance in female dress, that "pin-money" grew
into the denomination of dower, which, by the caution of parents, or
justice of a consort, was settled upon a lady at her marriage.


HABITS AND HABITATIONS OF THE DYAKS OF BORNEO.

It is impossible to appreciate properly the courage, determination,
and skill which have been displayed by the gallant Sir James Brooke,
unless we make ourselves acquainted with the character and habits of
the extraordinary race of men over whom he triumphed. The Dyaks are a
savage people who inhabit Borneo. They lived there before the Malays
came, and they have been obliged to submit to them. They are savages
indeed. They are darker than the Malays; yet they are not black; their
skin is only the colour of copper. Their hair is cut short in front,
but streams down their backs; their large mouths show a quantity of
black teeth, made black by chewing the betel-nut. They wear but very
little clothing, but they adorn their ears and arms, and legs, with
numbers of brass rings. Their looks are wild and fierce, but not
cunning like the looks of the Malays. They are not Mahomedans; they
have hardly any religion at all. They believe there are some gods, but
they know hardly anything about them, and they do not want to know.
They neither make images to the gods, nor say prayers to them. They
live like the beasts, thinking only of this life; yet they are more
unhappy than beasts, for they imagine there are evil spirits among the
woods and hills, watching to do them harm. It is often hard to persuade
them to go to the top of a mountain, where they say evil spirits dwell.
Such a people would be more ready to listen to a missionary than those
who have idols, and temples, and priests, and sacred books.

[Illustration: Dyak With Heads.]

[Illustration: Head of a Dyak.]

Their wickedness is very great. It is their chief delight to get the
heads of their enemies. There are a great many different tribes of
Dyaks, and each tribe tries to cut off the heads of other tribes. The
Dyaks who live by the sea are the most cruel; they go out into the
boats to rob and bring home, not _slaves_, but HEADS!! And how do they
treat a head when they get it? They take out the brains, and then they
dry it in the smoke, with the flesh and hair still on; then they put a
string through it, and fasten it to their waists. The evening that they
have got some new heads, the warriors dance with delight,--their heads
dangling by their sides;--and they turn round in the dance, and gaze
upon their heads,--and shout,--and yell with triumph! At night they
still keep the heads near them; and in the day they play with them,
as children with their dolls, talking to them, putting food in their
mouths, and the betel-nut between their ghastly lips. After wearing the
heads many days, they hang them up to the ceilings of their rooms.

No English lord thinks so much of his pictures, as the Dyaks do of
their heads. They think these heads are the finest ornaments of their
houses. The man who has _most_ heads, is considered the _greatest_ man.
A man who has _no heads_ is despised! If he wishes to be respected, he
must get a head as soon as he can. Sometimes a man, in order to get a
head, will go out to look for a poor fisherman, who has done him no
harm, and will come back with his head. When the Dyaks fight against
their enemies, they try to get, not only the heads of men, but also
the heads of women and children. How dreadful it must be to see a poor
baby's head hanging from the ceiling! There was a Dyak who lost all
his property by fire, but he cared not for losing anything, so much as
for losing his precious heads; nothing could console him for his loss;
some of them he had cut off himself, and others had been cut off by his
father, and left to him!

[Illustration: House of Sea Dyaks.]

[Illustration: Skull House.]

People who are so bent on killing, as these Dyaks are, must have many
enemies. The Dyaks are always in fear of being attacked by their
enemies. They are afraid of living in lonely cottages; they think it a
better plan for a great many to live together, that they may be able
to defend themselves, if surprised in the night. Four hundred Dyaks
will live together in one house. The house is very large. To make it
more safe, it is built upon very high posts, and there are ladders to
get up by. The posts are sometimes forty feet high; so that when you
are in the house, you find yourself as high as the tall trees. There
is one very large room, where all the men and women sit, and talk,
and do their work in the day. The women pound the rice, and weave the
mats, while the men make weapons of war, and the little children play
about. There is always much noise and confusion in this room. There are
a great many doors along one side of the long room; and each of these
doors leads into a small room where a family lives! the parents, the
babies, and the girls sleep there, while the boys of the family sleep
in the large room, that has just been described.

The Hill Dyaks do not live in houses quite so large. Yet several
families inhabit the same house. In the midst of their villages, there
is always one house where the boys sleep. In this house all the heads
of the village are kept. The house is round, and built on posts, and
the entrance is underneath, through the floor. As this is the best
house in the village, travellers are always brought to this house to
sleep. Think how dreadful it must be, when you wake in the night to see
thirty or forty horrible heads, dangling from the ceiling! The wind,
too, which comes in through little doors in the roof, blows the heads
about; so that they knock against each other, and seem almost as if
they were still alive. This is the Dead-house. Such are the men whom
the Rajah Brooke subdued!


SCOTTISH WILD CATTLE.

The wild white cattle, a few of which are still to be found in
Chatelherault Park, belonging to the Duke of Hamilton, in Lanarkshire,
are great objects of curiosity, inasmuch as they are identical with the
primitive source of all our domestic cattle.

The following description of their habits is abridged from an article
by the Rev. W. Patrick, in the Quarterly Journal of Agriculture:--

"I am inclined to believe that the Hamilton breed of cattle is the
oldest in Scotland, or perhaps in Britain. Although Lord Tankerville
has said they have 'no wild habits,' I am convinced, from personal
observation, that this is one of their peculiar features. In browsing
their extensive pasture, they always keep close together, never
scattering or straggling over it, a peculiarity which does not belong
to the Kyloe, or any other breed, from the wildest or most inhospitable
regions of the Highlands. The white cows are also remarkable for their
systematic manner of feeding. At different periods of the year their
tactics are different, but by those acquainted with their habits they
are always found about the same part of the forest at the same hour of
the day. In the height of summer, they always bivouac for the night
towards the northern extremity of the forest; from this point they
start in the morning, and browse to the southern extremity, and return
at sunset to their old rendezvous; and during these perambulations they
always feed _en masse_.

"The bulls are seldom ill-natured, but when they are so they display
a disposition more than ordinarily savage, cunning, pertinacious,
and revengeful. A poor bird-catcher, when exercising his vocation
among the 'Old Oaks,' as the park is familiarly called, chanced to be
attacked by a savage bull. By great exertion he gained a tree before
his assailant made up to him. Here he had occasion to observe the
habits of the animal. It did not roar or bellow, but merely grunted,
the whole body quivered with passion and savage rage, and he frequently
attacked the tree with his head and hoofs. Finding all to no purpose,
he left off the vain attempt, began to browse, and removed to some
distance from the tree. The bird-catcher tried to descend, but this
watchful Cerberus was again instantly at his post, and it was not till
after six hours' imprisonment, and various bouts at 'bo-peep' as above,
that the unfortunate man was relieved by some shepherds with their
dogs. A writer's apprentice, who had been at the village of Quarter on
business, and who returned by the 'Oaks' as a 'near-hand cut,' was also
attacked by one of these savage brutes, near the northern extremity of
the forest. He was fortunate, however, in getting up a tree, but was
watched by the bull, and kept there during the whole of the night, and
till near two o'clock the next day.

"These animals are never taken and killed like other cattle, but are
always shot in the field. I once went to see a bull and some cows
destroyed in this manner--not by any means for the sake of the sight,
but to observe the manner and habits of the animal under peculiar
circumstances. When the shooters approached, they, as usual, scampered
off in a body, then stood still, tossed their heads on high, and
seemed to snuff the wind; the manoeuvre was often repeated, till they
got so hard pressed (and seemingly having a sort of half-idea of the
tragedy which was to be performed), that they at length ran furiously
in a mass, always preferring the sides of the fence and sheltered
situations, and dexterously taking advantage of any inequality in
the ground, or other circumstances, to conceal themselves from the
assailing foe. In their flight, the bulls, or stronger of the flock,
always took the lead! a smoke ascended from them which could be seen at
a great distance; and they were often so close together, like sheep,
that a carpet would have covered them. The cows which had young, on the
first 'tug of war,' all retreated to the thickets where their calves
were concealed; from prudential motives, they are never, if possible,
molested. These and other wild habits I can testify to be inherent
in the race, and are well known to all who have an opportunity of
acquainting themselves with them."


BELLS OF THE ANCIENTS.

Bells were known in the earliest ages of which we have any certain
account. But the bells of the ancients were very small in comparison
with those of modern times, since, according to Polydore Virgil, the
invention of such as are hung in the towers, or steeples of Christian
churches, did not occur till the latter end of the fourth, or beginning
of the fifth century; when they were introduced by Paulinus, Bishop of
Nola. The Jews certainly employed bells, since they are spoken of in
Scriptures; and the mention of them by Thucydides, Diodorus Siculus,
Suidas, Aristophanes, and other ancient writers, proves that they
were used in Greece; while Plautus, Ovid, Tibullus, Statius, and a
variety of Latin authors, speak of bells as in use among the Romans.
But these bells of the ancients were all made for the hand; or were
of a size to be affixed to other musical instruments, like those
which were occasionally appended to the drum. Whether, when detached
from other instruments, they were used on other occasions, or only in
particular ceremonies, or as signals, is not known; nor have we any
clue by which to guess whether they were tuned in concordance with any
scale, or whether they were unisons to each other, or not formed to
any particular pitch, but merely used as sonorous auxiliaries to other
instruments, without any regard to their agreement of tone, either with
one another, or with the instruments they accompanied.


EARTHQUAKE AT NOTTINGHAM IN 1816.

Earthquakes are providentially occurrences of great rarity in England.
The one which took place on the 17th of March, 1816, was one of the
most dangerous that has ever been experienced in this kingdom. It
extended over a vast area of country, and in some localities its
effects were felt very severely. As a proof of this, we have copied the
following paragraph from a Nottingham paper of the day:--

Nottingham, in common with a great part of the North Midland district,
experienced a smart shock of an earthquake. It was felt at half-past
twelve p.m., and as Divine service, it being Sunday, was not over
at the churches, great alarm was expressed by the congregations. At
St. Peter's and St. Nicholas's, the consternation was so great, that
service had to be suspended for a few seconds, and one lady was borne
out in a state of insensibility. The pillars supporting St. Mary's
tower shook very visibly, but, fortunately, the attention of the
crowded congregation was so engrossed by the eloquence of the sheriff's
chaplain, and the presence of the Judge and his retinue, that the alarm
was but slight, or the rush and loss of life might have been great.
In various parts of the town and neighbourhood, glasses were shaken
off of shelves, articles of domestic use displaced, window-casements
thrown open, and other indications manifest of the influence of the
subterranean movement.


SINGULAR STATE OF PRESERVATION OF A DEAD BODY.

According to a statement in Holinshed, in 1495, while digging for a
foundation for the church of St. Mary-at-hill, in London, the body of
Alice Hackney was discovered. It had been buried 175 years, and yet the
skin was whole, and the joint pliable. It was kept above ground four
days without annoyance, and then re-interred.


ASYLUM FOR DESTITUTE CATS.

Of all the curious charitable institutions in the world, the most
curious probably is the Cat Asylum at Aleppo, which is attached to
one of the mosques there, and was founded by a misanthropic old Turk,
who being possessed of large granaries, was much annoyed by rats and
mice, to rid himself of which he employed a legion of cats, who so
effectually rendered him service, that in return he left them a sum
in the Turkish funds, with strict injunctions that all destitute
and sickly cats should be provided for, till such time as they took
themselves off again. In 1845, when a famine was ravaging in all
North Syria--when scores of poor people were dropping down in the
streets from sheer exhaustion and want, and dying there by dozens per
diem before the eyes of their well-to-do fellow creatures, men might
daily be encountered carrying away sack loads of cats to be fed up and
feasted on the proceeds of the last will and testament of that vagabond
old Turk, whilst fellow creatures were permitted to perish.


TOMB OF SAINT GEORGE.

The tomb of Saint George, England's patron-saint, is situated in the
Bay of Kesrouan, between the Nahr-et-Kelb and Batroun, surrounded by
luxuriant gardens and groups of romantic-looking villages and convents.
The Arabs venerate St. George, whom they style Mar Djurios, and point
to a small ruined chapel (as in our engraving), originally dedicated to
him to commemorate his victory over the dragon, which, they say, took
place near to the spot. The tradition is, that the dragon was about to
devour the king of Beyrout's daughter, when St. George slew him, and
thus saved the lady fair; and the credulous natives point to a kind of
well, upwards of sixty feet deep, where they stoutly affirm that the
dragon used to come out to feed upon his victims.

[Illustration [++] Tomb of Saint George.]

All this is very curious, inasmuch as it gives an Arabian interest to
the career of the patron saint of England, whose portrait, in the act
of slaying the dragon, constitutes the reverse of most English coin,
and is regarded as the embodiment of English valour.


BEGGARS SELECTED AS MODELS BY PAINTERS.

Michael Angelo Buonarotti often drew from beggars; and report says,
that in the early part of his life, when he had not the means of paying
them in money, he would make an additional sketch, and, presenting it
to the party, desire him to take it to some particular person, who
would purchase it. Fuseli, in his life of Michael Angelo, says that "a
beggar rose from his hand the patriarch of poverty." The same artist,
in one of his lectures, delivered at the Royal Academy, also observes,
that "Michael Angelo ennobled his beggars into Patriarchs and Prophets,
in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel."

Annibal Caracci frequently drew subjects in low life. His _Cries of
Bologna_, etched by Giuseppe Maria Mitelli: pub. 1660, in folio, are
evidently from real characters. It will also be recollected, that some
of the finest productions of Murillo, Jan Miel, and Drogsloot, are
beggars. Callot's twenty-four beggars are evidently from nature; and
among Rembrandt's etchings are to be found twenty-three plates of this
description.

Sir Joshua Reynolds frequently painted from beggars, and from these
people have originated some of his finest pictures, particularly
his "Mercury as a Pickpocket," and "Cupid as a Link-boy." His Count
Ugolino was painted from a paviour, soon after he had left St. George's
Hospital, from a severe fever. Mr. West painted the portrait of a
beggar, on the day when he became a hundred years old; and considered
him as a pensioner for several years afterwards. The same person was
used also as a model, by Copley, Opie, &c. Who can forget the lovely
countenance of Gainsborough's "Shepherd's Boy," that has once seen
Earlom's excellent engraving from it? He was a lad, well known as a
beggar to those who walked St. James's-street seventy years ago. The
model for the celebrated picture of the "Woodman," by the same artist,
died in the Borough, at the venerable age of 107.

Mr. Nollekens, in 1778, when modelling the bust of Dr. Johnson,
who then wore a wig, called in a beggar to sit for the hair. The
same artist was not equally fortunate in the locks of another great
character; for on his application to a beggar for the like purpose, the
fellow declined to sit, with an observation that three half-crowns were
not sufficient for the trouble.


SUPPLY OF WATER FOR OLD LONDON.

Leaden pipes conveyed spring water to London city from Tyburn in 1236;
and in 1285 the first great conduit of lead was begun there. In 1442
Henry VI. granted to John Hatherley, Mayor, license to take up 200
fother of lead. The pipes from Highbury brought in the water in 1483.
We may learn how much was thought of this useful work by the fact that
the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and many worshipful persons used to ride and
view the conduit heads at Tyburn; and after dinner there, somewhat
different from recent sportsmen, they hunted a fox.

The water-works at London Bridge were established in 1512. In 1534,
two-fifteenths were granted by the Common Council for defraying the
expense of bringing water from Hackney to Aldgate to a conduit. But
Peter Morris did not bring his supply of water to the highest parts of
London till the year 1569, and Sir Hugh Middleton's far-famed New River
was only rendered available in 1618, that is, a space of sixty-eight
years after the introduction of a stream of pure water into the western
parts of the town of Lyme in Dorset.


COMBINATION OF INSTINCT AND FORCE OF HABIT IN A DOG.

A dog which had been accustomed to go with his master regularly for
some time to Penkridge church, still continued to go there by himself
every Sunday for a whole year, while the edifice was under repair, and
divine service was not held. Whenever he could, he would get into the
family pew and there pass the proper time. His instinct enabled him to
perceive the occasion, and to measure the regular time, but it could
carry him no further. A remarkable exemplification of the difference
between instinct and reason.


YORKSHIRE IN THE LAST CENTURY.

Anecdotes which are apparently trifling in themselves, are often of
importance, as exhibiting in a striking light the dialect and social
condition of the people, and the period they refer to. An instance of
this is the following, which has been recorded as the bellman's cry at
Ripon, on the occasion of a great frost and fall of snow, about 1780:--

"I is to gie notidge, that Joanie Pickersgill yeats yewn to neit, to
moarn at moarn, an to moarn at neit, an nea langer, as lang as storm
hods, 'cause he can git na mare eldin."

  _The Translation._

I am to give notice, that John Pickersgill heats his oven to-night,
to-morrow morning, and to-morrow at night, and no longer as long as the
storm lasts, because he can get no more fuel.


INSTANCE OF MANY AGED PERSONS DYING ABOUT THE SAME DATE.

The following is taken from a copy of Nile's "Weekly Register,"
published at Baltimore, in the month of January, 1823. It is the list
of deaths which had been notified to the paper within one week, and we
give it, as a singular instance of the decease of so many persons above
one hundred years old being announced in the same paragraph.

"In Franklin co. Pennsylvania, Elizabeth Campbell, aged 104--several
of her relatives had reached 100.--At Troy, N. Y., Ann Fowler,
100.--At Tyngsboro', N. Y., Abigail Hadlock, 104.--At Somers, N. Y.,
Michael Makeel, 103.--At Rutland, Oswego, N. Y., Mrs. Buroy, 110.--At
Brunswick, Maine, Gen. James W. Ryan, 107--his wife is yet living,
aged 94; they were married together 75 years before his death.--At
Georgetown, Col. Yarrow, a Moor, (supposed) 135!--At the city of New
York, a woman, a native of St. Domingo, 106. At Sargus, Mass., Mrs.
Edwards, 101.--In Edgecomb county, N. C., William Spicer, aged about
112.--In Boston, William Homer, 116."


CORPSE BEARERS DURING THE PLAGUE.

Of all the calamities with which a great city is infested, there can
be none so truly awful as that of a plague, when the street doors of
the houses that were visited with the dreadful pest were padlocked up,
and only accessible to the surgeons and medical men, whose melancholy
duty frequently exposed them even to death itself; and when the
fronts of the houses were pasted over with large bills exhibiting red
crosses, to denote that in such houses the pestilence was raging, and
requesting the solitary passenger, to pray that the Lord might have
mercy upon those who were confined within. Of these bills there are
many extant in the libraries of the curious, some of which have borders
engraved on wood printed in black, displaying figures of skeletons,
bones, and coffins They also contain various recipes for the cure of
the distemper. The Lady Arundel, and other persons of distinction,
published their methods for making what was then called plague-water,
and which are to be found in many of the rare books on cookery of
the time; but happily for London, it has not been visited by this
affliction since 1665, a circumstance owing probably to the Great Fire
in the succeeding year, which consumed so many old and deplorable
buildings, then standing in narrow streets and places so confined, that
it was hardly possible to know where any pest would stop.

[Illustration [++] Corpse Bearer.]

Every one who inspects Agas's Plan of London, engraved in the reign of
Elizabeth, as well as those published subsequently to the rebuilding
of the City after the fire, must acknowledge the great improvements
as to the houses, the widening of the streets, and the free admission
of fresh air. It is to be hoped, and indeed we may conclude from the
very great and daily improvements on that most excellent plan of
widening streets, that this great city will never again witness such
visitations.

When the plague was at its height, perhaps nothing could have been more
silently or solemnly conducted than the removal of the dead to the
various pits round London, that were opened for their reception; and it
was the business of Corpse Bearers, such as the one exhibited in the
preceding engraving, to give directions to the carmen, who went through
the city with bells, which they rang, at the same time crying "Bring
out your Dead." This melancholy description may be closed, by observing
that many parts of London, particularly those leading to the Courts of
Westminster, were so little trodden down, that the grass grew in the
middle of the streets.


A MEMENTO-MORI WATCH.

The curious relic, of which we herewith give an engraving, was
presented by Mary, Queen of Scots, to her Maid of Honour, Mary Seaton,
of the house of Wintoun, one of the four celebrated Maries, who were
Maids of Honour to her Majesty.

    "Yestreen the Queen had four Maries,
      The night she'll hae but three;
    There was Marie Seaton, and Marie Beaton,
      And Marie Carmichael and me."

[Illustration [++] Memento-Mori Watch.]

The watch is of silver, in the form of a skull. On the forehead of the
skull is the figure of Death, with his scythe and sand-glass; he stands
between a palace on the one hand, and a cottage on the other, with
his toes applied equally to the door of each, and around this is the
legend from Horace "_Pallida mors æquo pulsat pede pauperum tabernas
Regumque turres_." On the opposite, or posterior part of the skull, is
a representation of Time, devouring all things. He also has a scythe,
and near him is the serpent with its tail in its mouth, being an
emblem of eternity; this is surrounded by another legend from Horace,
"_Tempus edax rerum tuque invidiosa vetustas_." The upper part of the
skull is divided into two compartments: on one is represented our first
parents in the garden of Eden, attended by some of the animals, with
the motto, "_Peccando perditionem miseriam æternam posteris meruere_."
The opposite compartment is filled with the subject of the salvation
of lost man by the crucifixion of our Saviour, who is represented as
suffering between the two thieves, whilst the Mary's are in adoration
below; the motto to this is "_Sic justitiæ satisfecit, mortem superavit
salutem comparavit_." Running below these compartments on both sides,
there is an open work of about an inch in width, to permit the sound to
come more freely out when the watch strikes. This is formed of emblems
belonging to the crucifixion, scourges of various kinds, swords, the
flagon and cup of the Eucharist, the cross, pincers, lantern used in
the garden, spears of different kinds, and one with the sponge on its
point, thongs, ladder, the coat without seam, and the dice that were
thrown for it, the hammer and nails, and the crown of thorns. Under all
these is the motto, "_Scala cæli ad gloriam via_."

The watch is opened by reversing the skull, and placing the upper
part of it in the hollow of the hand, and then lifting the under jaw
which rises on a hinge. Inside, on the plate, which thus may be called
the lid, is a representation of the Holy Family in the stable, with
the infant Jesus laid in the manger, and angels ministering to him;
in the upper part an angel is seen descending with a scroll on which
is written, "_Gloria excelsis Deo, et in terra pax hominibus bonæ
volu----_" In the distance are the shepherds with their flocks, and one
of the men is in the act of performing on a cornemuse. The works of
the watch occupy the position of the brains in the skull itself, the
dial plate being on a flat where the roof of the mouth and the parts
behind it under the base of the brain, are to be found in the real
subject. The dial plate is of silver, and it is fixed within a golden
circle richly carved in a scroll pattern. The hours are marked in large
Roman letters, and within them is the figure of Saturn devouring his
children, with this relative legend round the outer rim of the flat,
"_Sicut meis sic et omnibus idem_."

Lifting up the body of the works on the hinges by which they are
attached, they are found to be wonderfully entire. There is no date,
but the maker's name, with the place of manufacture, "Moyse, Blois,"
are distinctly engraven. Blois was the place where it is believed
watches were first made, and this suggests the probability of the
opinion that the watch was expressly ordered by Queen Mary at Blois,
when she went there with her husband, the Dauphin, previous to his
death. The watch appears to have been originally constructed with
catgut, instead of the chain which it now has, which must have been
a more modern addition. It is now in perfect order, and performs
wonderfully well, though it requires to be wound up within twenty-six
hours to keep it going with tolerable accuracy. A large silver bell, of
very musical sound, fills the entire hollow of the skull, and receives
the works within it when the watch is shut; a small hammer set in
motion by a separate escapement, strikes the hours on it.

This very curious relic must have been intended to occupy a stationary
place on a _prie-dieu_, or small altar in a private oratory, for its
weight is much too great to have admitted of its having been carried in
any way attached to the person.


A MONSTER.

It is almost incredible that such a monster, as the one we are about
to describe should have been allowed to continue his wicked career for
some years, in a civilized country like France, little more than a
hundred years ago, but the following paragraph is copied from a Paris
journal of that period--1755, January the 17th--and there is every
reason to believe that it is strictly correct. "What was his fate we
do not know, but can hardly doubt.--The Marquis de Plumartin, whose
execrable crimes are known over all France, has at last been taken
in his castle, by 300 men of the King's Own regiment of foot, and
carried to Poitiers, loaded with irons. The king is going to appoint
a commission to try him. This monster turned away his wife some years
ago, and became the terror of Poitou. Neither woman nor man durst
appear in the neighbourhood. Having one day lost a cause in one of the
king's courts, he caused the usher and his man, who came to intimate
the sentence to him, to be burnt alive. Some days after, having drawn
six of his creditors into his castle, where he had shut himself up with
several of his crew, he ordered some of his people to drag them into
a pond, tied to the tails of horses, and afterwards fastened them to
a stake near a great fire, where three expired, and the other three
died a few days after. Thirty of the Marshalsea guards, who were sent
to apprehend him, having beset his castle, he barricaded the doors
and fired on them from the garret window, killing the commanding
officer and five others. After which he left the kingdom, but absurdly
imagining that his crimes were forgot, he lately returned."


PERSEVERANCE REWARDED BY FORTUNE.

We have copied the following paragraph from the pages of a local
historian, because it gives us a striking instance of what perseverance
and good fortune will accomplish, in raising a man to comparative
distinction from the humblest walks of life.

August 26, 1691--Sir John Duck, bart., departed this life, being
Wednesday at night, and was buried upon the Monday after, being the
31st of August. The wealthiest burgess on the civic annals of Durham.
Of Sir John's birth, parentage, and education, the two first have
hitherto remained veiled in impenetrable obscurity; as to the third,
he was bred a butcher under John Heslop, in defiance of the trade and
mystery of butchers, in whose books a record still exists, warning
John Heslop that he forbear to sett John Ducke on worke in the trade
of a butcher. John Duck however grew rich, married the daughter of his
benefactor, and was created a baronet by James II. He built a splendid
mansion in Silver-street, where a panel still exists recording his
happy rise to fortune. The baronet, then humble Duck, cast out by
the butchers, stands near a bridge in an attitude of despondency; in
the air is seen a raven bearing in his bill a piece of silver, which
according to tradition fell at the feet of the lucky John, and was
naturally calculated to make a strong impression on his mind. He bought
a calf, which calf became a cow, and which cow being sold enabled John
to make further purchases in cattle, and from such slender beginnings,
to realise a splendid fortune. On the right of the picture is a view of
his mansion in Silver-street, and he seems to point at another, which
is presumed to be the hospital he endowed at Lumley. He died without
issue, and was buried at St. Margaret's, where his wife, Pia----
Prudens---- Felix, lies buried beside him.

    On Duck the Butchers shut the door;
    But Heslop's Daughter Johnny wed:
    In mortgage rich, in offspring poor,
    Nor son nor daughter crown'd his bed.


TRAVELLING IN THE UNITED STATES EXACTLY ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

The American advertisement, of which we here give a literal copy,
is deserving of preservation on account of the quaintness of the
inn-signs, the peculiarity of the spelling and diction, the "shifting"
of the passengers which it announces, and the general idea it gives us
of the way in which travelling was performed in America at the time
when it was issued.

  Philadelphia STAGE-WAGGON, and New-York STAGE BOAT
    performs their Stages twice a Week.

JOHN BUTLER, with his waggon, sets out on Mondays from his House,
at the Sign of the Death of the Fox, in Strawberry ally, and drives
the same day to Trenton Ferry, when Francis Holman meets him, and
proceeds on Tuesday to Brunswick, and the passengers and goods being
shifted into the waggon of Isaac Fitzrandolph, he takes them to the
New Blazing-Star to Jacob Fitzrandolph's the same day, where Rubin
Fitzrandolph, with a boat well suted, will receive them, and take
them to New-York that night. John Butler returning to Philadelphia
on Tuesday with the passengers and goods delivered to him by Francis
Holman, will again set out for Trenton Ferry on Thursday, and Francis
Holman, &c. will carry his passengers and goods, with the same
expedition as above to New-York.

  _Weekly Mercury._

  March 8, 1759.


FÊTE OF THE FEDERATION. PARIS 1790.

[Illustration [++] Fête of the Federation.]

The leading events of the great Revolution in France, may be fairly
classed with the marvellous, and among our "Ten Thousand Wonderful
Things" there will be found few more wonderful than the civic festival
of the general federation of the National Guards of France, which took
place on the 14th of July, 1790, and of which the above is a correct
representation, taken from a view by Duplessis Bertaux. The proceedings
of that memorable day had in them a mixture of religious celebration
apparently singular among a people who had lately so much trampled on
religion; but as this celebration was more pagan than Christian in
its character, the singularity becomes less marked. On the preceding
evening, a _Hiérodrame_ was performed at the cathedral of Nôtre Dame--a
kind of sacred drama, made up by M. Désaugiers of scraps from the
Bible mixed with other matter, and set to music; it professed to tell
the story of the taking of the Bastille, and to typify the sadness,
trouble, confusion, joy, and alarm of the Parisians. Then succeeded a
_Te Deum_, chanted in presence of some of the principal federal and
municipal bodies. Early in the morning of the 14th, amid dense clouds
and heavy rain, the National Guards from all the eighty-three
departments of France, together with deputations from the state army
and navy, began to assemble, and speedily formed an immense line from
the Porte St. Antoine to the Porte St. Martin; whence they marched,
with bands playing and colours flying, to the Champ de Mars, regaled
and cheered by the Parisians on the route. On reaching the great square
of the Tuileries, the procession was headed by the municipality of
Paris and the members of the National Assembly, and followed by a body
of gray-headed veterans. The procession traversed the Seine by one of
the bridges, greeted by salvos of artillery drawn up on the quays, and
entered the Champ de Mars under a triumphal arch almost hidden by flags
and patriotic inscriptions. One o'clock had arrived before the various
bodies forming the procession had taken their destined places in the
enclosed parallelogram, surrounded by nearly 300,000 spectators on
the raised terraces, most of whom were by this time drenched by the
continuous rain. In the centre of the area was a lofty altar, half
pagan, half Catholic in its adornments; and around this altar the
provincial National Guards danced and sang in very excited fashion.
The royal family appeared at three o'clock. In an immense gallery near
the altar, the National Assembly were seated, with the king and the
president on two chairs of state exactly equal in height and richness,
and the queen and the rest of the court seated behind--a significant
interpretation of the decree just announced. At the instant of the king
taking his seat, the air was rent with cries of _Vive le Roi! Vive la
Nation!_ The banners were unfurled; 1,800 musicians burst forth with
jubilant strains; cannon poured out continuous volleys; Talleyrand,
as bishop of Autun, assisted by sixty chaplains of the Paris National
Guards, performed mass at the altar; and the banners were blessed by
sprinkling with holy-water. Then Lafayette, dismounting from his white
charger, received from the hands of the king a written form of oath;
he swore to this oath at the altar, and with his raised arm gave a
signal for the countless host to do likewise--every one raising his
right hand, and saying _Je le jure!_ The king took the oath prescribed
to him; and the queen held up the dauphin in her arms, as if to denote
that he also, poor child, had sworn to defend the national liberties.
At five o'clock the royal family retired, and the crowd began to
leave the Champ de Mars. Twenty-five thousand federates or provincial
deputies went to a royal château about a mile distant, where a dinner
had been prepared for them by order of the municipality of Paris,
with Lafayette as chairman of the banquet. At night all Paris was
illuminated; and for three or four days the feastings, reviews, and
celebrations were numerous, including a grand dance on the site of the
demolished Bastille. On the 18th, Lafayette reviewed the provincial or
federate National Guards, and on the 19th they were reviewed by the
king. Paris was intoxicated for an entire week, each man displaying at
once his delight and his vanity.


A MAN CARRIES HIS HOUSE ON HIS HEAD.

Simeon Ellerton, of Craike, Durham, died 1799, aged 104. This man,
in his day, was a noted pedestrian, and before the establishment of
regular "Posts," was frequently employed in walking commissions, from
the northern counties to London and other places, which he executed
with singular fidelity and despatch. He lived in a neat stone cottage
of his own erecting; and what is remarkable, he had literally carried
his house on his head; it being his constant practice to bring back
with him from every journey which he undertook, some suitable stone, or
other material for his purpose, and which, not unfrequently, he carried
40 or 50 miles on his head.


IGNORANCE AND FEAR.

In the year 1712, Whiston predicted that the comet would appear on
Wednesday, 14th October, at five minutes after five in the morning, and
that the world would be destroyed by fire on the Friday following.
His reputation was high, and the comet appeared. A number of persons
got into boats and barges on the Thames, thinking the water the safest
place. South Sea and India stock fell. A captain of a Dutch ship threw
all his powder into the river, that the ship might not be endangered.
At noon, after the comet had appeared, it is said that more than one
hundred clergymen were ferried over to Lambeth, to request that proper
prayers might be prepared, there being none in the church service.
People believed that the day of judgment was at hand, and acted some
on this belief, more as if some temporary evil was to be expected.
There was a prodigious run on the bank, and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, at
that time the head director, issued orders to all the fire offices in
London, requiring them to keep a good look out, and have a particular
eye upon the Bank of England.


ARABIAN HORSES.

It is a singular circumstance, that it is to the Arabian that England
is indebted for her improved, and now unrivalled, breed of horses for
the turf, the field, and the road.

The Arabian horses are divided into two great branches; the Kadischi
whose descent is unknown, and the Kochlani, of whom a written genealogy
has been kept for 2000 years. These last are reserved for riding
solely, they are highly esteemed and consequently very dear. They are
said to derive their origin from King Solomon's studs. However this
may be they are fit to bear the greatest fatigues, and can pass whole
days without food. They are also said to show uncommon courage against
an enemy. It is even asserted, that when a horse of this race finds
himself wounded and unable to bear his rider much longer, he retires
from the fray, and conveys him to a place of security. If the rider
falls upon the ground, his horse remains beside him, and neighs till
assistance is brought. The Kochlani are neither large nor handsome but
amazingly swift. The whole race is divided into several families, each
of which has its proper name. Some of these have a higher reputation
than others on account of their more ancient and uncontaminated
nobility.

We may not believe, perhaps, all that is told us of the Arabian. It has
been remarked that there are, on the deserts which his horse traverses,
no milestones to mark the distance, or watch to calculate the time;
and the Bedouin is naturally given to exaggeration, and most of all
when relating the prowess of the animal which he loves as dearly as
his children; yet it cannot be denied that at the introduction of the
Arabian into the European stables, there was no other horse comparable
to him.


HEAD-QUARTERS OF PRINCE RUPERT AT EVERTON, DURING THE SIEGE OF
LIVERPOOL, IN 1644.

Prince Rupert, assisted by the Earl of Derby, having taken Bolton
by storm, and refreshed his army there for some days, advanced on
Liverpool, where the Parliament had a strong garrison under the command
of Colonel More, of Bank-hall; and finding on his approach to the
town, the high ground near it favourable to his design, compared it
to a crow's nest, probably imagining it would be taken with as little
difficulty; but the resistance he met with, induced him to declare it
was more like an eagle's nest, or a den of lions.

[Illustration [++] Head-Quarters of Prince Rupert.]

The siege began about the 2nd of June, and the view exhibits his
head-quarters from that time till the reduction of the place. His main
camp was established round the beacon, about a mile from the town,
and his officers were placed in the adjoining villages, from whence a
detachment marched every day, being relieved every twenty-four hours,
to open trenches and erect batteries. From these advances Prince
Rupert frequently attacked the besieged and their works in the way of
storm, but was constantly repulsed with great slaughter of his men. At
length, Colonel More, finding the town must of necessity surrender, and
desirous of ingratiating himself with the Prince, for the preservation
of his house and effects at Bank Hall, gave such orders for his
soldiers to retire, that the works on the enemy's side were abandoned,
and the royalists entered the town at three o'clock in the morning of
June 26, putting to the sword all they met with, till they arrived
at the High Cross, which then stood on the site where the Exchange
now stands. Here the soldiers of the Castle, drawn up in line, beat a
parley, and demanded quarter, which, on their submitting as prisoners
of war, and surrendering the Castle to the Prince, was granted. The
soldiers were then sent to the tower, St. Nicholas's Church, and other
places of security; but the Parliament-army, soon after the siege,
repossessed themselves of the Castle, and appointed Col. Birch, as
governor.


FIRE AT BURWELL, CAMBRIDGESHIRE. 1727.

Some strollers brought down a puppet-show, which was exhibited in a
large thatched barn. Just as the show was about to begin, an idle
fellow attempted to thrust himself in without paying, which the people
of the show preventing, a quarrel ensued. After some altercation,
the fellow went away, and the door being made fast, all was quiet;
but the same man, to gain admittance privately, got over a heap of
hay and straw, which stood near to the barn, and accidentally set it
on fire. The spectators of the show, alarmed by the flames, which
had communicated to the barn, rushed to the door; but it happened
unfortunately that it opened inwards, and the crowd pressing violently
against the door, there could be no escape. Thus the whole company,
consisting of more than 160 persons, were kept confined till the roof
fell in, and covered them with fire and smoke: six only escaped with
life; the rest, among whom were several young ladies of fortune, were
reduced to one undistinguishable heap of mangled bodies, totally
disfigured. The friends of the dead, not knowing which were the remains
they sought, caused a large hole to be dug in the churchyard, and all
the bodies were promiscuously interred together, and a tablet erected
in the church to perpetuate this most melancholy event.


AN APPARENT SINGULARITY ACCOUNTED FOR.

It is generally well known that birds are very active agents in the
extension of vegetation, and that fruit and flowers are, to a great
extent, rendered prolific by the insects which visit their blossoms;
but few people are aware of the means through which fish are formed
in lakes and ponds, which are not connected with other waters. Here,
also, an insect is the principal agent. The large water-beetle, which
is in the habit of feeding upon the spawn of fish, occasionally in
the evening climbs up the stems of rushes, &c. out of the water,
sufficiently high to enable it to take wing; in these circumstances it
has been caught, and, putting it into water, has been found to give out
the spawn with which it had gorged itself previous to taking flight,
both in a digested and undigested state; so that, on trial, it has been
found that it produced fish of various kinds.


EUROPEAN BALANCING EQUAL TO THE INDIAN JUGGLERS.

The astonishing dexterity of the Indian jugglers is known to all,
but many years ago a Spaniard named Cadenas made himself equal, if
not superior to them. He may be truly said to be superior to them,
inasmuch as several of his feats have never been attempted by them. Don
Cadenas extended himself flat on his back on a large table. He then
elevated his legs until they were at right angles with his body; he
was assisted in keeping this position by a sort of pyramidal cushion,
which was placed under him, a little below the lower end of his back.
His feet and ankles were covered with boots, on which were many small
castanets and little bells. The tranca, which is a round piece of
wood, about 8 feet long and five inches in diameter, handsomely
painted, was then laid horizontally on the soles of his feet, his legs
being perpendicular. Having exactly balanced the tranca, he alternately
struck his feet against it, the castanets, &c., keeping time with the
music. In proportion to the strength with which he struck the tranca,
with one foot or both feet, was the height to which he elevated it,
always catching it, in its descent, with great accuracy, on the soles
of his feet. Sometimes by bending his knees and then striking out with
his limbs, he threw the tranca several feet into the air, catching it,
in its descent, on his feet, with as much neatness and more certainty
than the Indian jugglers used to catch the brass balls in their hands.
He concluded the performance with the tranca, by exactly balancing it
on the sole of his left foot, and then by repeated strokes of his right
foot set it rapidly in motion like a horizontal fly-wheel.


MOB-WISDOM.

A singular instance of a mob cheating themselves by their own headlong
impetuosity, is to be found in the life of Woodward, the comedian. On
one occasion, when he was in Dublin, and lodged opposite the Parliament
House, a mob who were making the members swear to oppose an unpopular
bill, called out to his family to throw them a Bible out of the window.
Mr. W. was frightened, for they had no such book in the house, but he
threw out a volume of Shakespere, telling the mob they were welcome to
it. They gave him three cheers, swore the members upon this book, and
afterwards returned it without discovering its contents.


COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ANIMALS.

The means by which animals contrive to communicate their ideas to each
other is a phenomenon which has never been satisfactorily explained.
The two following instances of it are very curious. A gentleman who
was in the habit of occasionally visiting London from a distant county
performed the journey on horseback, accompanied by a favourite little
terrier dog, which he left at an inn at some distance from London
till his return. On one occasion on calling for his dog the landlady
told him that it was lost; it had had a quarrel with the great house
dog, and had been so worried and bit that it was thought he would
never recover, but at the end of a few days he crawled out of the
yard, and no one saw him for almost a week, when he returned with
another dog bigger than his enemy, on whom they both fell and nearly
destroyed him. This dog had actually travelled to its own home at
Whitmore in Staffordshire, had coaxed away the great dog in question,
which followed him to St. Alban's to assist in resenting the injury
of his friend. The following story is related of a little spaniel
which had been found lame by a surgeon at Leeds. He carried the poor
animal home, bandaged up his leg, and after two or three days turned
him out. The dog returned to the surgeon's house every morning till
his leg was perfectly well. At the end of several months, the spaniel
again presented himself in company with another dog, which had also
been lamed; and he intimated, as well as piteous and intelligent looks
could intimate, that he desired the same assistance to be rendered to
his friend as had been bestowed upon himself. The combination of ideas
in this case, growing out of the recollection of his own injury, and
referring that to the cure which had been performed; the compassion he
had for his friend to whom he communicated the occurrence, and induced
to seek relief under his guidance, together with the appeal to the
humane surgeon, is as extraordinary a piece of sagacity as can be found
in all the annals of animals.


STRANGE CUSTOM ABOUT NAMES.

The following anecdote forcibly illustrates the absurd custom which
prevailed many years ago in America, of giving children names, made up
of Scripture sentences. We record the anecdote as being descriptive
of a curious local custom. About the beginning of the present
century a New England sea captain having some business at a public
office, which required him to sign his name, was rather tedious in
performing the operation, which did not escape the observation of
the officer, who was a little impatient at the delay, and curious
withal to see what sort of a name it could be that required so long
a time to spread it upon paper. Perhaps the captain had a long
string of titles to grace it, such as honorable, esquire, colonel of
militia, selectman of the town of ----, &c., which he chose to make
an ostentatious parade of; or perhaps it was his whim to subscribe
the place of his nativity and that of his residence, together with
his age, height, and complexion. He was mistaken; for the captain
had subscribed nothing but simply his name, which, when he had
done, the officer, after some trouble in decyphering, found to read
thus:--Through-Much-Tribulation-We-Enter-Into-the-Kingdom-of-Heaven
Clapp. "Will you please to tell me, Captain Clapp," said he, with as
demure a face as his violent inclination to indulge in a hearty laugh
would allow him to put on, "what might your mother have called you
in your infancy, to save herself the trouble of repeating a sermon
whenever she had occasion to name her darling?" "Why, sir," replied
Captain Clapp, with laughable simplicity, "when I was little they used
to call me Tribby, for shortness."


DRESS IN LONDON DURING THE LAST CENTURY.

The seven illustrations which accompany this article represent
the progress of dress in London from 1690 to 1779. They speak for
themselves, and tell their own tale far better than any description
in words could tell it for them. The scale in society to which the
persons depicted in the engravings belong, is what may be called the
upper middle class, and we thus obtain a more correct idea of the
general style of dress, than we should have done had we confined our
observations solely to the higher ranks.

[Illustration: Dress 1690-1715.]

[Illustration: Dress 1721.]

[Illustration: Dress, 1735--common Life.]

[Illustration: Dress, 1738.]

[Illustration: Dress, 1752.]

[Illustration: Dress Circa 1773, 1778.]

[Illustration: Dress, 1779.]

It is, however, very curious to notice the value placed upon dress
during the period indicated; and how frequently its loss is recorded.
Thus we find it mentioned that Lady Anderson, whose house was robbed
at a fire in Red Lion Square in 1700, lost a gown of orange damask,
lined with, striped silk. The family of George Heneage, Esq., at the
same time, and by the same casualty, lost "_a head_, with very fine
looped lace of very great value, a Flanders' laced hood, a pair of
double ruffles and tuckers, two laced aprons, one edged with point
lace, and a large black scarf embroidered with gold." At the same
period the ladies wore Holland petticoats, embroidered in figures with
different coloured silks and gold, with broad orrice at the bottom.
In 1702 diamond stomachers adorned the ladies; they were composed of
that valuable stone set in silver, and sewed in a variety of figures
upon black silk. The men imported the Champaign wig from France. They
were made very full, curled, and eighteen inches in length to the
point, with drop locks. In the _Post Boy_, of November 15, 1709, there
were advertised as stolen, "A black silk petticoat, with red and white
calico border, cherry-coloured stays, trimmed with blue and silver, a
red and dove-coloured damask gown, flowered with large trees; a yellow
satin apron, trimmed with white Persian, and muslin head-clothes, with
crow-foot edging; a black silk furbelowed scarf, and a spotted hood."
Black and beaver hats for ladies were advertised in 1719, faced with
coloured silks, and trimmed with gold and silver lace. A man of fashion
in 1720 wore the full flowing curled wig, which fell in ringlets
half-way down his arms and back, a laced coat, straight, formal, with
buttons to the very bottom, and several on the pockets and sleeves; his
shoes were square at the toes, had diminutive buckles, a monstrous flap
on the instep, and high heels, a belt secured the coat and supported
the sword. Perukes were a highly important article of dress in 1734.
Fans were much used, ladies seldom appeared without this useful
ornament in their hands. The hoop underwent many important changes;
sometimes it projected at the sides only, or, like its ancestor, the
fardingale, it spread itself all round in imposing majesty. High-heeled
shoes maintained their place. In 1740 tight sleeves with full ruffles,
small pointed waists, enclosed in whalebone, loose gowns, called
sacques, and cloaks with hoods, named cardinals, were _la grande
monde_. Among the gentlemen's costumes, the most striking was the
_Ramilies_ tail, which was a plaited tail to the wig, with an immense
bow at the top and one at the bottom. Claret coloured clothes were
considered as handsome; and light blue with silver button-holes, and
silver garters to the knees, was very fashionable between 1740 and
1751. The change to wearing the natural hair instead of wigs took place
about 1765. From that date the female dress altered by degrees: the cap
was enlarged to an enormous size, and the bonnet swelled in proportion.
Hoops were entirely discontinued. Hats and bonnets of straw, chip, and
beaver, became well proportioned, and velvet pelisses, shawls and silk
spencers were contrived to improve rather than injure the form. The
male dress also insensibly changed from formality to ease, and thus, by
degrees, the fashion became what our illustrations represent it to have
been in 1779.


ATTAR OF ROSES.

Lieutenant Colonel Polier gives a full history of extracting this
essential oil, in vol i. p. 332, of the _Asiatic Researches_. The roses
grow, cultivated near Lucknow, in fields of eleven acres each. The
oil is procured by distillation; the petals of the flowers only are
used; and in that country no more than a quantity of about two drachms
can be procured from an hundred-weight of rose leaves, and even that
in a favourable season, and by the process being performed with the
utmost care. The oil is by accident of different colours; of a bright
yellow, of a reddish hue, and a fine emerald. It is to the mother of
Mebrul Nessa Begum, afterwards called Nourjehan Begum, or, _Light
of the World_, that the fair sex is indebted for this discovery. On
this occasion the emperor of Hindostan rewarded the inventress with a
string of valuable pearls. Nourjehan Begum was the favourite wife of
Jehangir, and her game the fiercest of India. In a hunting party she
killed four tigers with a matchlock, from her elephant, and her spouse
was so delighted at her skill, that he made her a present of a pair of
emerald bracelets, valued at a lack of rupees, and bestowed in charity
a thousand mohurs.


FLEET MARRIAGES ABOUT 1740.

Many of the early Fleet weddings were _really_ performed at the
chapel of the Fleet; but as the practice extended, it was found more
convenient to have other places within the Rules of the Fleet, (added
to which the Warden was compelled by act of parliament not to suffer
them,) and thereupon many of the Fleet parsons and tavern-keepers in
the neighbourhood fitted up a room in their respective lodgings or
houses as a chapel. The parsons took the fees, allowing a portion to
the plyers, &c., and the tavern-keepers, besides sharing in the fees,
derived a profit from the sale of liquors which the wedding party
drank. In some instances the tavern-keepers kept a parson on their
establishment at a weekly salary of twenty shillings; while others,
upon a wedding-party arriving, sent for any clergyman they might please
to employ, and divided the fee with him. Most of the taverns near the
Fleet kept their own registers, in which (as well as in their own
books,) the parsons entered the weddings.


EFFECTS OF THE GREAT EARTHQUAKE AT LISBON.

The earthquake happened on November the 1st, 1755, and its sphere of
action embraced many cities and states. St. Ubes was totally destroyed.
At Cadiz the sea broke down the outer wall, flooded the town, and
drowned some hundreds of persons. The Cathedral of Seville was
seriously damaged, several houses overthrown, and many persons injured.
The shock was felt, indeed, throughout the whole of Spain, except in
Catalonia, and also in Germany. In many parts of Great Britain the
water in lakes and ponds was violently upheaved, and ebbed and flowed
over the banks. A solemn Fast was consequently commanded to be observed
on the 6th of February next ensuing, in the hope to avert, by prayer
and penitence, a similar calamity from this country. A ship at sea,
100 leagues to the westward of Lisbon, had her cabin windows shattered
to fragments, and many vessels in deep water quivered as if they had
struck against a rock. In Morocco the effects of the shock were most
disastrous. In Mequinez two-thirds of the houses were destroyed, and
above 300 in Fez. A caravan of 200 persons going along the coast
from Sallee to Morocco were overwhelmed by the sea, and a still more
numerous caravan was swept away by the sudden rise of the inland
rivers. In France and Holland earthquakes were repeatedly felt during
the entire month of November, and occasionally even in December.


SNAKE-CHARMERS.

In the East Indies, the Pambatees, or snake-charmers, come from the
mountains called the Ghauts. They make a trade of catching serpents,
training them and exhibiting them for money. These reptiles are
commonly the _cobra-di-capello_, the hooded or spectacle serpent, and
of other similar species. A Pambatee will sometimes carry eight or
more of them in a low round basket, in which the serpents lie coiled
round one another.

As soon as the lid is removed from the basket, the serpent creeps
out of it. The master plays on an instrument somewhat resembling the
bagpipe, and the snakes are taught to mark the cadence by the motion
of their heads, till at length they fall asleep. In order to rouse
them, the Pambatee suspends his music and shakes a ring round his arm
to which a piece of red cloth is fastened. The irritated serpent darts
at the ring; but as the master has taken care to extract the pouch
containing the poison, and to file his teeth, he can do no harm.

[Illustration [++] Snake-Charmer.]

The musical instrument just mentioned is called _magootee_. It is
composed of a hollow calebash, to one end of which is fitted a
mouthpiece similar to that of the clarinet. To the other extremity is
adapted a tube perforated with several holes, which are successively
stopped by the fingers, like those of the flute, while the player blows
into the mouthpiece. In the middle of the instrument is a small mirror,
on which the serpents fix their eyes while dancing. The above engraving
will convey a correct idea of the Pambatee and his instrument.


WONDERFUL ESCAPE.

In 1785, at Winster, in Derbyshire, a show being exhibited at a
public-house, some gunpowder being scattered on the floor of an upper
chamber, took fire, and communicated to the remainder of a barrel,
by which the whole upper part of the house was blown up; about sixty
persons were below, and not one hurt.


FAC-SIMILE OF THE FIRST STEAM BOAT.

[Illustration [++] First Steam Boat.]

The triumph of steam navigation is one of the wonders of science; and,
traversed in all directions as the navigable waters of the earth now
are, by vessels propelled by steam, it is not a little curious to look
at the first rude effort, and to examine the attempt which has been
followed by such extraordinary success.

The world stands indebted, not for the discovery, but for the
successful application of steam power to navigation, to Robert Fulton,
who was born in Pennsylvania in 1765, being the son of a poor Irish
labourer who had emigrated to America. He came to London in 1786,
and subsequently, in the character of an inventor and projector,
proceeded to Paris, where, however, he did not meet with much success
or encouragement. It is evident, from the following letter to a friend,
that while residing in the French capital, that his attention was even
then turned to the subject of propelling vessels by mechanical power:--

  Paris, the 20th of September, 1802.

  TO MR. FULNER SKIPWITH.

Sir,--The expence of a patent in France is 300 livers for three years,
800 ditto for ten years, and 1500 ditto for fifteen years; there can
be no difficulty in obtaining a patent for the mode of propelling a
boat which you have shewn me; but if the author of the model wishes
to be assured of the mirits of his invention before he goes to the
expence of a patent, I advise him to make the model of a boat, in which
he can place a clock spring which will give about eight revolutions;
he can then combine the movements so as to try oars, paddles, and the
leaves which he proposes; if he finds that the leaves drive the boat a
greater distance in the same time than either oars or paddles, they
consequently are a better application of power. About eight years ago
the Earl of Stanhope tried an experiment on similar leaves in Greenland
Dock, London, but without success. I have also tried experiments on
similar leaves, wheels, oars, paddles, and flyars similar to those of
a smoak jack, and found oars to be the best. The velocity with which a
boat moves, is in proportion as the sum of the surfaces of the oars,
paddles, leaves, or other machine is to the bow of the boat presented
to the water, and in proportion to the power with which such machinery
is put in motion; hence, if the sum of the surfaces of the oars is
equal to the sum of the surfaces of the leaves, and they pass through
similar curves in the same time, the effect must be the same; but oars
have this advantage, they return through air to make a second stroke,
and hence create very little resistance; whereas the leaves return
through water, and add considerably to the resistance, which resistance
is increased as the velocity of the boat is augmented: no kind of
machinery can create power; all that can be done is to apply the manuel
or other power to the best advantage. If the author of the model is
fond of mechanics, he will be much amused, and not lose his time, by
trying the experiments in the manner I propose, and this perhaps is the
most prudent measure, before a patent is taken.

  I am, Sir, with much respect, yours,

  ROBT. FULTON.

In the following year, 1803, he appears to have made an experiment in
France of propelling a vessel by mechanism, and though it failed in
consequence of the timbers of the boat being too weak, it served to
convince him so completely of ultimate success, that he immediately
gave instructions to Watt and Boulton to prepare a suitable steam
engine for him, and send it to New York. Having returned to that city
in 1806, he set about building a boat, and having received the engines
he had ordered, he successfully started the first steam-boat in the
world on her trial trip to Albany from New York in August, 1807.
Her name was the "_Clermont_," and the above engraving is a correct
representation of her. She was in length 133 feet, in depth 7, and in
breadth 18.


SEVERE ENACTMENT AGAINST BEGGARS.

At the commencement of the reign of Edward VI., a most severe and
extraordinary statute was made for the punishment of vagabonds and
relief of poor persons. It does not appear who were the contrivers
of this instrument, the preamble and general spirit of which were
more in accordance with the tyrannical and arbitrary measures of the
preceding reign, than with the mild and merciful character of the
infant sovereign, who is well known to have taken a very active part
in the affairs of government. It repeals all the former statutes on
this subject, and enacts, that if any beggar or other person, not being
lame or impotent, and after loitering or idly wandering for the space
of three days or more, shall not offer himself to labour, or being
engaged in any person's service, shall run away or leave his work, it
shall be lawful for the master to carry him before a justice of peace,
who, on proof of the offence, shall cause the party to be marked with
a hot iron with the letter V on the breast, and adjudge him to be his
master's slave for the space of two years, who shall feed him "on bread
and water, or at his discretion, on refuse of meat, and cause the said
slave to work by beating, chaining, or otherwise in such work or labour
(how vile soever it be) as he shall put him unto." If the slave should
run away or absent himself for a fortnight without leave, the master
may pursue and punish him by chaining or beating, and have his action
of damage against any one who shall harbour or detain him. On proof
before the justice of the slave's escape, he is to be sentenced to be
marked on the forehead or ball of the cheek with a hot iron with the
letter S, and adjudged to be his master's slave for ever; and for the
second offence of running away, he is to be regarded as a felon and
suffer death. The children of beggars to be taken from them, and, with
other vagrant children, to be apprenticed by the magistrate to whoever
will take them; and if such children so apprenticed run away, they are
to be retaken, and become slaves till the age of twenty in females,
and twenty-four in males, with punishment by chains, &c., and power
to the master to let, sell, or bequeath them, as goods and chattels,
for the term aforesaid. If any slave should maim or wound the master,
in resisting correction, or conspire to wound or murder him, or burn
his house or other property, he is to suffer death as a felon, unless
the master will consent to retain him as a slave for ever; and if any
parent, nurse, or bearer about of children, so become slaves, shall
steal, or entice them away from the master, such person shall be liable
to become a slave to the said master for ever, and the party so stolen
or enticed away restored. If any vagrant be brought to a place, where
he shall state himself to have been born, and it shall be manifest that
he was not so born there, for such lie he shall be marked in the face
with an S, and become a slave to the inhabitants or corporation of the
city for ever. Any master of a slave may put a ring of iron about his
neck, arm, or leg, for safe custody, and any person taking or helping
to take off such ring, without consent of the master, shall forfeit the
sum of ten pounds.

This diabolical statute, after remaining for two years, was repealed,
on the ground that, from its extreme severity, it had not been enforced.


JUDGES IN THEIR ROBES ATTENDING PUBLIC BALLS.

That the ideas of good taste and propriety which now prevail are
greatly in advance of those which our ancestors entertained, is
strikingly manifested by the fact, that the dreadful scenes which
followed the last business of a county assize did not prevent a festive
beginning of the same. On the commission day at each county town was
held an assize ball. The judges attended in black silk gowns with band
and two-curl bob-wig. They did not dance, but usually played at whist.
What would be thought now-a-days of judges who went to a public ball
room on commission day, and played at whist in their robes?


ST. WINIFRED'S WELL.

The most copious spring in Great Britain is St. Winifred's Well, near
the town of Holywell, in Flintshire. The well is an oblong square,
about twelve feet by seven. The water passes into a small square court
through an arch; it has never been known to freeze, and scarcely ever
varies in quantity either in drought or after the greatest rains. The
water thrown up is not less than eighty-four hogsheads every minute.

[Illustration: St. Winifred's Well.]

This sacred well is the object of many pilgrimages, even in the present
day, and several modern miracles are related of the influence of its
waters. Pope Martin V. especially enjoined such pilgrimages, and the
monks of Basingwerk were furnished with pardons and indulgences to sell
to the devotees. James the 2nd visited the well in 1686, and Leopold,
King of the Belgians, in 1819. Apart from all superstitious notions,
its waters doubtless possess many curative properties.

Over the well, Queen Margaret, the mother of Henry VII., erected a
beautiful chapel, whose elegantly fretted roof, and graceful columns
and arches, are generally admired as examples of good architecture. Our
engraving is a correct representation of the interior.


INSTANCE OF ASSIDUITY AND PERSEVERANCE.

The Rev. Wm. Davy, a Devonshire curate, in the year 1795, begun a
most desperate undertaking, viz., that of printing himself twenty-six
volumes of sermons, which he actually did, working off page by page,
for fourteen copies; and continuing this almost hopeless task for
twelve years, in the midst of poverty! Such wonderful perseverance
almost amounts to a ruling passion.


PHENOMENON AT THE POWERSCOURT FALL.

[Illustration [++] Powerscourt Fall.]

The Powerscourt Fall, of which the annexed is an engraving, is formed
by the river Dargle, and is situated in the county of Wicklow. When
the river is full, it presents a very grand appearance. The stream
precipitates itself over a nearly perpendicular cliff, 300 feet in
height, and falls into a natural basin or reservoir, encircled by
rocky masses of considerable magnitude, whilst the whole scene is
backed by mountains. This fall exhibits rather a singular phenomenon,
in the different degrees of velocity with which the water descends
in different parts of the cascade. Thus, on one side, the water may
be observed to pour down with considerable velocity; while, on the
other side, the fall, in the upper part, presents the appearance of
a continued stream of frothy foam, gliding slowly down the face of
the cliff, though the lower part moves with greater velocity. This
circumstance is, however, readily accounted for; being, in fact, mainly
attributable to the comparatively small body of water which forms the
cascade. The water, on the one side, that which descends with the
greater velocity (and this forms by far the larger portion of the
cascade) meets with no interruption in its descent, but falls, almost
from the top, to the bottom in an unbroken sheet. On the other side,
however, the cliff in the upper part deviates from the perpendicular,
and the consequence is, that, owing to the slope or inclination of
the rock over which it flows, the progress of the water is checked
in that particular part, though lower down, where the cliff is again
perpendicular, it regains its velocity. If the body of water in this
cascade were greater, this phenomenon would not occur.


HOW CHESS ORIGINATED IN INDIA.

By the unanimous consent of all nations, chess holds the first place
among social amusements. The history of this game has exercised
many able pens. According to Sir William Jones, it is decidedly
of Hindoo invention. "If," says he, in a learned memoir on this
subject inserted in the second volume of the _Asiatic Researches_,
"evidence were required to prove this fact, we may be satisfied with
the testimony of the Persians, who, though as much inclined as other
nations to appropriate the ingenious inventions of a foreign people,
unanimously agree that the game was imported from the west of India
in the sixth century of our era. It seems to have been immemorially
known in Hindoostan by the name of _Cheturanga_, the four _angas_, or
members of an army, which are _elephants_, _horses_, _chariots_, and
_foot-soldiers_; and in this sense, the word is frequently used by epic
poets in their description of real armies. By a natural corruption
of the pure Sanscrit word, it was changed by the old Persians into
_chetrang_; but the Arabs, who soon after took possession of their
country, had neither the initial nor the final letter of that word in
their alphabet, and consequently altered it farther into _shetranj_,
which presently found its way into the modern Persian, and at length
into the dialects of India, where the true derivation of the name is
known only to the learned. Thus has a very significant word in the
sacred language of the Brahmins been transformed by successive changes
into _axedrez_, _scacchi_, _echecs_, chess, and by a whimsical
concurrence of circumstances given birth to the English word _check_,
and even a name to the _exchequer_ of Great Britain."

Of the origin of this game various accounts are given. Some Hindoo
legends relate, that it was invented by the wife of Ravanen, king of
Lanca, or Ceylon, to amuse her husband with an image of war, when
Rama, in the second age of the world, was besieging his capital. The
high degree of civilization which the court of Ravanen had attained
at so remote a period is worthy of notice. An ancient Hindoo painting
represents his capital regularly fortified with embattled towers. He
there defended himself with equal skill and valour, whence he and
his subjects were denominated magicians and giants. Ravanen seems to
have been the Archimedes of Lanca; and his science must have appeared
supernatural to the invader, Rama, and his wild horde of mountaineers,
who were termed in derision satyrs or apes, whence the fable of the
divine Hanooman.

According to another account, the occasion of this invention was as
follows:--Behub, a young and dissolute Indian prince, oppressed his
people in the most cruel manner. Nassir, a Brahmin, deeply afflicted
by his excesses, and the lamentations of his subjects, undertook to
recal the tyrant to reason. With this view he invented a game, in which
the king, impotent by himself, is protected only by his subjects, even
of the lowest class, and frequently ruined by the loss of a single
individual.

The fame of this extraordinary invention reached the throne, and the
king summoned the Brahmin to teach him the game, as a new amusement.
The virtuous Brahmin availed himself of this opportunity to instil
into the mind of the young tyrant the principles of good government,
and to awaken him to a sense of his duties. Struck by the truths which
he inculcated, the prince conceived an esteem for the inventor of the
new game, and assured him of his willingness to confer a liberal
remuneration, if he would mention his own terms. Nassir demanded as
many grains of wheat as would arise from allowing one for the first
square, two for the second, four for the third, and so on, doubling
for each square of the sixty-four on the chessboard. The king, piqued
at the apparently trivial value of the demand, desired him somewhat
angrily to ask a gift more worthy of a monarch to bestow. When,
however, Nassir adhered to his first request, he ordered the required
quantity of corn to be delivered to him. On calculating its amount, the
superintendents of the public granaries, to their utter astonishment,
found the demand to be so enormous, that not Behub's kingdom only, but
even all Hindoostan would have been inadequate to the discharge of it.
The king now admired the Brahmin still more for the ingenuity of his
request than for the invention, appointed him his prime-minister, and
his kingdom was thenceforward prosperous and happy.

The claim of the Hindoos to the invention of chess has been disputed in
favour of the Chinese; but as they admit that they were unacquainted
with the game till 174 years before Christ, and the Hindoos
unquestionably played it long before that time, the pretensions of the
latter must naturally fall to the ground.


DISORDERS CURED BY FRIGHT.

Fabritius makes mention of a gentleman, with whom he was familiar,
who, being unjustly suspected, was tortured upon the rack, and, when
released, found himself quite cured of the gout, which was, _before_
this violent remedy, rather troublesome. Again, we have instances of
disorders being cured by fright. We find, in the Journal de Henri IV.,
that, "On Friday, June the 9th, 1606, as Henry IV. of France, and his
Queen, were crossing the water in the ferry-boat of Neuilly, the Duke
of Vendome being with them, they were all three in great danger of
being drowned, especially the queen, who was obliged to drink a great
deal more than was agreeable to her; and had not one of her footmen,
and a gentleman called La Chatagnieraie, who caught hold of her hair,
desperately thrown themselves into the water to pull her out, she
would have inevitably lost her life. This accident cured the king of a
violent toothache; and, after having escaped the danger, he diverted
himself with it, saying he had never met with so good a remedy for that
disorder before, and that they had ate too much salt meat at dinner,
therefore they had a mind to make them drink after it."


THE WINGLESS BIRD OF NEW ZEALAND.

One of the chief wonders of the world of Ornithology is the Apteryx,
a bird which is found only in New Zealand, and even there, is rapidly
becoming extinct. It is a creature so strange, that no imagination
could have fancied a bird without wings or tail, with robust legs,
and with claws which are suited for digging, and are actually used
in forming excavations, in which this singular bird lays its eggs,
and hatches its young. If the Apteryx were to become extinct, and all
that remained of it, after the lapse of one or two centuries, for the
scrutiny of the naturalist were a foot in one Museum, and a head in
another, with a few conflicting figures of its external form, the real
nature and affinities of this most remarkable species would be involved
in as much obscurity and doubt, and become the subject of as many
conflicting opinions among the ornithologists of that period, as are
those of the Dodo in the present day.

The Apteryx is not larger than a full-grown fowl, and has only a
rudimentary wing, so covered with the body feathers as to be quite
concealed; the terminating slender claw may, however, be discerned on
examination.

[Illustration: The Wingless Bird.]

The bill is long and slightly curved, having the nostrils at the
extremity; its feathers, the sides of which are uniform in structure,
do not exceed four and a-half inches in length, and are much prized as
material for mantles or cloaks by the chiefs. It is a nocturnal bird,
using its long bill in search of worms, upon which it principally
feeds; it kicks with great power, and burrows at the root of the rata,
at the base of which tree is also found the extraordinary Sphæria
Robertsia, a species of vegetating caterpillar. Retaining the form
of the caterpillar, the fungus pervades the whole body, and shoots
up a small stem above the surface of the ground, the body of the
caterpillar being below the earth in an erect position. The Apteryx
frequently leans with its bill upon the earth--one of its chief
characteristics--and thus, when viewed from a distance, appears to be
standing on three legs.

By the natives of New Zealand, these birds are called Kiwis, from the
cry they utter, and they are frequently caught by a cunning imitator of
their tone, who, when they approach, dazzles and frightens them with
a light previously concealed, and throwing his blanket over them thus
secures them.


A FLOATING CITY.

[Illustration: Floating City of Bankok.]

One of the most wonderful cities in the world is Bankok. It is the
capital of Siam, and is situated on--or rather in--the great river
Meinam. Our engraving represents a portion of this unique metropolis,
and we find the following graphic account of it in a volume of recent
travels--"The capital of Siam! Did you ever witness such a sight in
your life? On either side of the wide, majestic stream, moored in
regular streets and alleys, and extending as far as the eye can reach,
are upwards of seventy thousand neat little wooden houses, each house
floating on a compact raft of bamboos; and the whole intermediate space
of the river presents to our astonished gaze one dense mass of ships,
junks, and boats, of every conceivable shape, colour, and size. As we
glide along amongst these, we occasionally encounter a stray floating
house, broken loose from its moorings, and hurrying down the stream
with the tide, amidst the uproar and shouts of the inhabitants and
all the spectators. We also observe that all the front row of houses
are neatly painted shops, in which various tempting commodities are
exposed for sale; behind these again, at equal distances, rise the
lofty and elegant porcelain towers of the various watts and temples.
On our right-hand side, far away as we can see, are three stately
pillars, erected to the memory of three defunct kings, celebrated for
some acts of valour and justice; and a little beyond these, looming
like a line-of-battle ship amongst a lot of cockle-shells, rises the
straggling and not very elegant palace of the king, where his Siamese
Majesty, with ever so many wives and children, resides. Right ahead,
where the city terminates, and the river, making a curve, flows
behind the palace, is a neat-looking-fort, surmounted with a tope of
mango-trees, over which peep the roofs of one or two houses, and a tall
flag-staff, from which floats the royal pendant and jack of Siam--a
flag of red groundwork, with a white elephant worked into the centre.
That is the fort and palace of the prince Chou Fau, now king of Siam,
and one of the most extraordinary and intellectual men in the East.
Of him, however, we shall see and hear more, after we have bundled
our traps on shore, and taken a little rest. Now, be careful how you
step out of the boat into the balcony of the floating house, for it
will recede to the force of your effort to mount, and if not aware of
this, you lose your balance and fall into the river. Now we are safely
transhipped, for we cannot as yet say landed; but we now form an item,
though a very small one, of the vast population of the city of Bangkok.

We take a brief survey of our present apartments, and find everything,
though inconveniently small, cleanly and in other respects comfortable.
First, we have a little balcony which overhangs the river, and is about
twenty yards long by one and a half broad. Then we have an excellent
sitting-room, which serves us for parlour, dining-room, and all; then
we have a little side room for books and writing; and behind these,
extending the length of the other two, a bed-room. Of course we must
bring or make our own furniture; for, though those houses inhabited
by the Chinese are pretty well off on this score, the Siamese have
seldom anything besides their bedding materials, a few pots and pans
to cook with, a few jars of stores and fishing-net or two. Every house
has a canoe attached to it, and no nation detests walking so much as
the Siamese; at the same time they are all expert swimmers, and both
men and women begin to acquire this very necessary art at a very early
age. Without it a man runs momentary risk of being drowned, as, when a
canoe upsets, none of the passers-by ever think it necessary to lend
any aid, supposing them fully adequate to the task of saving their
own lives. Canoes are hourly being upset, owing to the vast concourse
of vessels and boats plying to and fro; and, owing to this negligence
or carelessness in rendering assistance, a Mr. Benham, an American
missionary, lost his life some twelve years ago, having upset his own
canoe when it was just getting dusk, and though surrounded by hundreds
of boats, not one deemed it necessary to stop and pick the poor man up."


BEQUESTS FOR LIGHTING THE STREETS.

There cannot be a greater contrast than between the present and the
ancient mode of lighting the streets of London. What a picture do the
two following bequests present to us of the state of things a hundred
years ago!

John Wardall, by will, dated 29th August, 1656, gave to the Grocers'
Company a tenement called the White Bear, in Walbrook, to the intent
that they should yearly, within thirty days after Michaelmas, pay to
the churchwardens of St. Botolph, Billingsgate, £4, to provide a good
and sufficient iron and glass lantern, with a candle, for the direction
of passengers to go with more security to and from the water-side, all
night long, to be fixed at the north-east corner of the parish church
of St. Botolph, from the feast-day of St. Bartholomew to Lady-Day; out
of which sum £1 was to be paid to the sexton for taking care of the
lantern. This annuity is now applied to the support of a lamp in the
place prescribed, which is lighted with gas.

John Cooke, by will, dated 12th September, 1662, gave to the
churchwardens, &c., of St. Michael's, Crooked Lane, £76, to be laid out
to the most profit and advantage, for various uses, and amongst them,
for the maintenance of a lantern and candle, to be eight in the pound
at least, to be kept and hanged out at the corner of St. Michael's
Lane, next Thames Street, from Michaelmas to Lady-Day, between the
hours of nine and ten o'clock at night, until the hours of four or five
in the morning, for affording light to passengers going through Thames
Street, or St. Michael's Lane.


EXTRAORDINARY INSTANCE OF CREDULITY.

To the honour of the lords of the creation, there are _some_ husbands
who so grieve at the death of their partners, that they will not part
with them when actually dead; and even go so far as to wish, and try
hard, for their resurrection; witness Sir John Pryse, of Newtown,
Montgomeryshire, who married three wives, and kept the first two
who died, in his room, one on each side of his bed; his third lady,
however, declined the honour of his hand till her defunct rivals
were committed to their proper place. Sir John was a gentleman of
strange singularities. During the season of miracles worked by Bridget
Bostock, of Cheshire, who healed all diseases by prayer, faith, and an
embrocation of fasting spittle, multitudes resorted to her from all
parts, and kept her salivary glands in full employ. Sir John, with a
high spirit of enthusiasm, wrote to this wonderful woman to make him
a visit at Newtown Hall, in order to restore to him his third and
favourite wife (above mentioned), now dead. His letter will best tell
the foundation on which he built his strange hope, and very uncommon
request:--

  _Purport of Sir J. Pryse's letter to Mrs. Bridget Bostock, 1748._

Madam,--Having received information, by repeated advices, both public
and private, that you have, of late, performed many wonderful cures,
even where the best physicians have failed, and that the means used
appeared to be very inadequate to the effects produced, I cannot but
look upon you as an extraordinary and highly-favoured person; and why
may not the same most merciful God, who enables you to restore sight to
the blind, hearing to the deaf, and strength to the lame, also enable
you to raise the dead to life? Now, having lately lost a wife, whom
I most tenderly loved; my children an excellent step-mother, and our
acquaintances a very dear and valuable friend, you will lay us all
under the highest obligations; and I earnestly entreat you, for God
Almighty's sake, that you will put up your petitions to the Throne of
Grace, on our behalf, that the deceased may be restored to us, and
the late dame Eleanor Pryse be raised from the dead. If your personal
attendance appears to you to be necessary, I will send my coach and
six, with proper servants, to wait on you hither, whenever you please
to appoint. Recompense of any kind, that you could propose, would be
made with the utmost gratitude; but I wish the bare mention of it is
not offensive to both God and you.

  I am, madam, your obedient, &c.
  JOHN PRYSE.

  (_Pennant's Wales_, vol. 3, p. 190.)


HIGH PRICE OF FISH IN LONDON.

It is on record that on January 4, 1809, there being only four cod-fish
in Billingsgate, a fishmonger gave fourteen guineas for them, and
salmon soon after was sold at a guinea a pound!


THE GREAT AQUEDUCT OF PONT DU GARD.

[Illustration [++] Acqueduct of Pont du Gard.]

The remains of Roman aqueducts, of great extent and massiveness,
occur in various parts of Europe, over which the Roman dominion once
extended. Among these, the most celebrated are the Pont du Gard,
near Nismes, in the Department du Gard, in the south of France; the
aqueduct over the Moselle, near Metz; and the aqueduct of Segovia, in
Old Castile. The Pont du Gard (of which we here give an engraving)
was designed to convey the waters of the fountain of Aure to the town
of Nismes, the ancient Nemausus. This aqueduct crosses the beautiful
valley, and the stream of the river Gardon, uniting two steep hills, by
which the valley is bounded at this place. It consists of two tiers of
large arches, the lower of which are eighty feet in span, and a third
tier of small arches, which support the trunk of the aqueduct. The
channel for the water is above four feet wide, and five deep, and is
lined with cement three inches thick, and covered with a thin coating
of red clay. The whole work, with the exception of the above-mentioned
channel for the water, is built without mortar or any other cement;
and its elevation above the bed of the river Gardon, is not less than a
hundred and fifty feet. The extremities of this splendid structure are
in a dilapidated condition, but the remainder is in a very good state
of preservation.


EXTRAORDINARY SITUATION FOR A TREE.

[Illustration [++] Tree in Abbey of Muckross.]

The Lower and Middle Lakes at Killarney are separated by a peninsula,
upon which stands the ruin of the Abbey of Muckross, which was founded
in 1440, and re-edified in 1602. The ruin, which consists of parts
of the convent and church, is not remarkable either for extent, or
for beauty of workmanship, but its preservation, seclusion, beauty
of situation, and accompanying venerable trees, render it one of the
most interesting abbey remains in Ireland. The entire length of the
church is about 100 feet, its breadth 24. The cloister, which consists
of twenty-two arches, ten of them semicircular, and twelve pointed,
is the best preserved portion of the abbey. In the centre grows a
magnificent yew-tree, as represented in our engraving, which covers
as a roof the whole area; its circumference is thirteen feet, and its
height in proportion. It is more than probable that the tree is coeval
with the abbey, and that it was planted by the hands of the monks who
first inhabited the building. It is believed by the common people that
any person daring to pluck a branch, or in any way attempting to injure
this tree, will not be alive on that day twelvemonth.


PRAYING BY MACHINERY.

Mr. Moorcroft informs us, in his "Journey to Lake Manasawara, in Undés,
a province in Little Thibet," that the inhabitants used the following
most extraordinary way of saying their prayers:--It is done by motion,
which may be effected by the powers of steam, wind, or water. A large
hollow cylinder, like a drum, is erected, within which is inclosed all
the written prayers the people choose to offer, and then it is set
going, by being whirled round its own axis; thus saving the trouble
of repeating them. Mr. Turner, whose travels in Thibet are before the
public, corroborates the account of these whirligigs. They are common,
also, among the Monguls, the Calmucs, and the Kalkas; so that the
engineers for these pious wheels must have a tolerably extensive trade,
as this national mode of worship is naturally liable to wear out.
But even this mode is innocence itself, compared with that of a set
of savages, who _pray people to death_; for Lisiansky, in his Voyage
round the World, gives us an account of an extra-religious sect, in
the Sandwich Islands, who arrogate to themselves the power of praying
people to death. Whosoever incurs their displeasure, receives notice
that the homicide-litany is about to begin; and such are the effects of
imagination, that the very notice is frequently sufficient, with these
weak people, to produce the effect, or to drive them to acts of suicide.


TOPING IN THE LAST CENTURY.

At a Somersetshire hunt dinner, seventy years since, thirteen toasts
used to be drunk in strong beer; then every one did as he liked. Some
members of the hunt occasionally drank a glass of wine at the wind up,
who were not themselves previously wound up. In country towns, after a
dinner at one o'clock P.M., friends used to meet to discuss the local
news over their glasses of strong beer, the merits of which furnished
a daily theme. At Bampton one knot of gentlemen took four times the
duration of the Trojan war, and even then failed to settle which of the
party brewed the best beer.


A FINE OLD SOLDIER.

Jeremiah Atkins, of the Scar, near Bromyard, Herefordshire, died in
1796, aged 102. He had been a soldier through all the earlier periods
of his manhood, and had seen much service; was present at the taking
of Martinico, and at the Havannah; and, on one occasion, being taken
prisoner by the Indians of North America, was very near being scalped,
as he was only rescued at the moment they were about to perform the
operation. He was likewise at the taking of Crown Point, in America,
and in the battle of Fontenoy with the Duke of Cumberland, whom he also
accompanied in his resistance to the advance of the Scotch rebels,
being in several of the skirmishes and battles fought on that occasion.
He afterwards went again to America, and took part in the storming of
Quebec, when Wolfe was killed. The last battle in which he was engaged
was that of Tournay, in Flanders. This extraordinary man retained the
full use of all his natural faculties, save hearing, to the very close
of his life.


POPULAR FALLACY OF THE VIRTUES OF A SEVENTH SON.

It is believed that a seventh son can cure diseases, but that a
seventh son of a seventh son, and no female child born between, can
cure the king's evil. Such a favoured individual is really looked
on with veneration. An artist visiting Axminster in 1828, noticing
the indulgence granted to one urchin in preference to others, and
seeing something particular in this child, addressed his mother as
follows:--"This little man appears to be a favourite: I presume he is
your little Benjamin." "He's a seventh son, sir," said the mother.
Affecting an air of surprise, I expressed myself at the instant as
being one very anxious to know what a _seventh_ son could do? The
mother, a very civil woman, told me that "she did think, to cure all
diseases, should be the seventh son of a seventh son; but _many folk
do come to touch my son_." In April, 1826, a respectable looking woman
was engaged in collecting a penny from each of thirty young women,
unmarried; the money to be laid out in purchasing a silver ring, to
cure her son of epileptic fits. The money was to be freely given,
without any consideration, or else the charm would have been destroyed.
The young women gave their pence, because it would have been a _pity_
for the lad to continue afflicted _if_ the charm would cure him.


SELF-NOURISHMENT.

That animals may sometimes be kept alive for a long time solely on
nourishment supplied from their own bodies, is evident from the fact
that after a great fall of earth on one occasion from the cliff at
Dover, which buried a whole family, a hog was found alive five months
and nine days after it had thus been buried! It weighed about seven
score when the accident happened, and had wasted to about thirty
pounds, but was likely to do well.


CHINESE METHOD OF FISHING.

There is nothing more extraordinary in the history of the different
nations of the world than the ingenuity of the Chinese. They are the
most handy people on the face of the earth, and the lower orders are
just as clever as the higher. A proof of this may be seen at a fishing
village which is contiguous to the town of Victoria, in Hong Kong. It
remains in much the same state as that in which it existed prior to
the British occupation of the island. Old worn-out boats, and torn
mat-sails, bamboos and dried rushes,--these are the principal materials
employed in the construction of their domiciles. The fishing boats are
most ingeniously built. Each of these has a long projecting bamboo,
which is rigged out from the stem in the form of a bowsprit, only
working on a pivot. From the extremity of this outrigger, a strong
rope communicates with a balance-board, that exactly poises the bamboo
outrigger, when the net is immersed in water, and the fisherman has
only to walk up and down this plank to raise the net and let it drop
again in the water. But opposite to the island, and on many of the
little insular rocks which constitute the "ten thousand isles," of
which the emperor of China, amongst his vast pretensions to titles,
lays claim to be lord, fishing is conducted on a larger scale, though
worked upon the same principles. Huge poles are driven into the ground
where the water is comparatively shallow, and leading ropes, which pass
over a block-wheel inserted in the tops of these poles, communicate at
one end with large circular nets, (constructed somewhat in the shape
of a funnel, the upper rim being attached to floats, whilst from the
centre are pendant weights,) the other end being fastened on shore to a
balance plank, which the weight of one man suffices to work.

[Illustration: Chinese Method of Fishing.]


MOSQUE OF OMAR.

The opposite engraving represents the Great Mosque at Jerusalem. It is
built on the exact site of Solomon's Temple, and takes its name from
its original founder, the Caliph Omar. It is a Turkish edifice, and is
devoted to the worship of Mahomet.

Titus having taken Jerusalem in the second year of Vespasian's reign,
not one stone was left upon another of that Temple where Christ
had done such glorious things, and the destruction of which he had
predicted. When the Caliph Omar took Jerusalem, in 636 A.D., it appears
that the site of the Temple, with the exception of a very small part,
had been abandoned by the Christians. Said-Eben-Batrick, an Arabian
historian, relates that the Caliph applied to the Patriarch Sophronius,
and enquired of him what would be the most proper place at Jerusalem
for building a mosque. Sophronius conducted him to the ruins of
Solomon's Temple. Omar, delighted with the opportunity of erecting a
mosque on so celebrated a spot, caused the ground to be cleared, and
the earth to be removed from a large rock, where God is said to have
conversed with Jacob. From that rock the new mosque took its name
of Gameat-el-Sakhra, and became almost as sacred an object to the
Mussulmans, as the mosques of Mecca and Medina. The Caliph El-Oulid
contributed still more to the embellishment of El-Sakhra, and covered
it with a dome of copper, gilt, taken from a church at Balbeck. In the
sequel, the crusaders converted the Temple of Mahomet into a sanctuary
of Christ; but when Saladin re-took Jerusalem, he restored this edifice
to its original use.

[Illustration: Great Mosque at Jerusalem.]

The form is an octagon, either side being seventy feet in width; it is
entered by four spacious doors, the walls are white below, intermingled
with blue, adorned with pilasters, but above, it is faced with glazed
tiles of various colours. The interior is described as paved with grey
marble, the plain walls are covered with the same material in white.
It contains many noble columns, in two tiers. The dome is painted, and
gilt in arabesque, whence depend antique vessels of gold and silver;
immediately beneath it stands a mass of limestone, reported to have
fallen from heaven when the spirit of prophecy commenced. On this sat
the destroying angel, during the slaughter caused by David's numbering
the people. From this Mahomet ascended to heaven. Within the storied
walls, moreover, are the scales for weighing the souls of men, the
shield of Mahomet, and other relics, besides the entrance to the
infernal regions; seventy thousand angels ever guard the precious stone.

Entrance to this hallowed edifice has been gained only by two or three
Europeans; indeed, the Turks will not allow infidels to approach the
sacred enclosure around it, which measures about sixteen hundred feet
in length, by one thousand in width, and is adorned with fountains,
orange, cypress, and other trees.

The mosque itself is esteemed the finest piece of Saracenic
architecture in existence, far surpassing St. Sophia in beauty. Its
view, combined with the distinguished monuments in the City of the
Sultan, in Egypt, Greece, and Italy, strongly induces a belief in the
accuracy of an able article in the _Quarterly Review_, in which the
origin of the five predominant styles of architecture throughout the
world, viz., the Byzantine, Chinese, Egyptian, Grecian, and Gothic are
assigned respectively to the convex and concave curves, to the oblique,
horizontal, and perpendicular lines.


A COUPLE OF ECCENTRICS.

Mr. Day, the eccentric founder of Fairlop fair, had a housekeeper, who
had lived with him for thirty years, and was equally eccentric. She had
two very strong attachments; one to her wedding-ring and garments, and
the other to tea. When she died, Mr. Day would not permit her ring to
be taken off; he said, "If that was attempted, she would come to life
again;" and directed that she should be buried in her wedding-suit, and
a pound of tea in each hand; and these directions were literally obeyed.


THE UNIVERSALITY OF TAXATION.

The following extract, from the _Edinburgh Review_, is not
inappropriate to our pages, inasmuch as it is both a rare specimen
of effective composition, and also serves to show us what the state
of taxation was in England even within the last forty years.--Taxes
upon every article which enters into the mouth, or covers the back,
or is placed upon the feet--taxes upon every thing which it is
pleasant to see, hear, feel, smell, or taste--taxes upon warmth,
light, and locomotion--taxes on everything on earth, and the waters
under the earth--on every thing that comes from abroad, or is grown at
home--taxes on the raw material--taxes on every fresh value that is
added to it by the industry of man--taxes on the sauce which pamper's
man's appetite, and the drug that restores him to health--on the ermine
which decorates the judge, and the rope which hangs the criminal--on
the poor man's salt, and the rich man's spice--on the brass nails of
the coffin, and the ribands of the bride at bed or board, _couchant_
or _levant_, we must pay;--the schoolboy whips his taxed top--the
beardless youth manages his taxed horse, with a taxed bridle, on a
taxed road:--and the dying Englishman, pouring his medicine, which has
paid seven per cent., into a spoon that has paid fifteen per cent.,
flings himself back upon his chintz bed, which has paid twenty-two
per cent.--makes his will on an eight-pound stamp, and expires in the
arms of an apothecary, who has paid a license of an hundred pounds
for the privilege of putting him to death. His whole property is then
immediately taxed from two to ten per cent. Besides the probate, large
fees are demanded for burying him in the chancel; his virtues are
handed down to posterity on taxed markle; and he is then gathered to
his fathers--to be taxed no more.


SHAM PROPHETS.

William Hackett, a fanatic of the sixteenth century, after a very ill
life, turned prophet, and signified the desolation of England. He
prophesied at York and at Lincoln; where, for his boldness, he was
whipped publicly, and condemned to be banished. He had an extraordinary
fluency of speech, and much assurance in his prayers; for he said,
that if all England should pray for rain, and he should pray to the
contrary, it should not rain. Hackett had two brother-prophets joined
with him, Edward Coppinger, named the prophet of mercy, and Henry
Arthington, the prophet of judgment. Coppinger, the merciful prophet,
declared that Hackett was the sole monarch of Europe; and at length
they proclaimed him, July 16, 1592. On the 28th of the same month,
however, the monarch of the whole earth, who had also personated
divinity, was hanged and quartered. Coppinger famished himself in
prison, and Arthington was pardoned. Fitz Simon relates, that in a
quarrel Hackett had at Oundle, "He threw down his adversary, and
bit off his nose; and, instead of returning it to the surgeon, who
pretended to set it on again, while the wound was fresh, ate it."
Hackett, on the scaffold, made a blasphemous prayer, which is recorded
by Fitz Simon and Camden, too horrid to be repeated. He hated Queen
Elizabeth, and tried to deprive her of her crown; he confessed to
the judges that he had stabbed the effigies of this princess to the
heart, with an iron pin; and a little before he was hanged, being an
accomplished swearer, he cursed her with all manner of imprecations.


HOOKING A BOY INSTEAD OF A FISH.

About five and thirty years ago, as Mr. George Moor was fishing in the
river Tyne at Pipewellgate, Gateshead, he espied something in the water
which seemed like a drowned dog, but the day being clear, and the sun
shining, he thought he perceived a face, upon which he threw his line
to it (which had but three hairs at the hook) and hooked a coat, by
which he found it was a boy, but the hook loosing hold, he again cast
his line and struck him in the temple and drew him to the shore, and in
less than quarter of an hour he revived.


CHILDREN OF AGED PARENTS.

Margaret Krasiowna, of the village of Koninia, Poland, died 1763, aged
108. The following extraordinary circumstances are stated, by Eaton,
as connected with the life of this woman:--"At the age of ninety-four
she married her third husband, Gaspard Raycolt, of the village of
Ciwouszin, then aged one hundred and five. During the fourteen years
they lived together she brought him two boys and a girl; and, what
is very remarkable, these three children, from their very birth, bore
evident marks of the old age of their parents--their hair being grey,
and a vacuity appearing in their gums, like that which is occasioned
by the loss of teeth, though they never had any. They had not strength
enough, even as they grew up, to chew solid food, but lived on bread
and vegetables, they were of a proper size for their age, but their
backs were bent, their complexions sallow, with all the other external
symptoms of decrepitude. Though most of these particulars," he adds,
"may appear fabulous, they are certified by the parish registers. The
village of Ciwouszin is in the district of Stenzick, in the palatinate
of Sendonier. Gaspard Raycolt, the father, died soon after, aged 119."


SEPULCHRAL VASE FROM PERU.

[Illustration [++] Sepulchral Vase of Peru.]

The vessel of which the annexed is an engraving, was taken from the
tomb of one of the ancient inhabitants of Peru; the subjects of the
Incas, or princes who ruled over that country before it was conquered
by the Spaniards. Vases of this sort were probably placed in the
sepulchres of the Peruvians to contain the ashes of the dead, or
offerings to their disembodied spirits;--usages which are familiar
to us through the frequent allusions to them which we meet with in
the works of the poets of ancient Rome, and the discovery of urns and
lachrymatories in Roman tombs which have been in our own and other
cemeteries. The specimen which we have engraved is quadruple, but forms
one vessel.


FIRST IRON CANNON.

The first cannon was cast in Sussex in 1535. In after years bonds were
taken in £1,000 from the owners of the charcoal furnaces, that none
should be sold till a license for the sale or issue of the ordnance had
been procured. Fears were entertained that the enemy would purchase
them.


PROLIFIC AUTHOR.

No one need despair, after the following instance, of shining in
quantity, if not in quality:--"Hans Sacks was a Nuremberg shoemaker,
born there in 1494; he was instructed, by the master-singers of those
days, in the praiseworthy art of poetry; he, therefore, continued to
make verses and shoes, and plays and pumps, boots and books, until
the seventy-seventh year of his age; when he took an inventory of his
poetical stock in trade, and found, according to his narrative, that
his works filled thirty folio volumes, all written with his own hand;
and consisted of four thousand two hundred mastership songs, two
hundred and eight comedies, tragedies, and farces (some of which were
extended to seven acts), one thousand seven hundred fables, tales, and
miscellaneous poems, and seventy-three devotional, military, and love
songs; making a sum total of six thousand and forty-eight pieces, great
and small." Out of these, we are informed, he culled as many as filled
three massy folios, which were published in the year 1558-61; and,
another edition being called for, he increased this three volumes folio
abridgement of his works, in the second, from his other works. None but
Lope de Vega exceeded him in quantity of rhyme-making.


THE ART OF POTTERY IN CHINA.

[Illustration: 1. 2. 3.]

The Chinese traditions carry back the practice of the potter's art to a
very remote epoch. Father Entrecolles, a French missionary, resided in
China at the beginning of the last century, and his letters published
in Paris, in 1741, supply some curious and interesting information
on this subject. Writing in 1712, he says that at that time ancient
porcelain was very highly prized, and bore large prices. Articles were
extant which were reputed to have belonged to the Emperors Yao and
Chun, two of the most ancient mentioned in the Chinese annals. Yao
reigned in 2357 and Chun in 2255 before Christ. Other authorities place
the reign of Chun in 2600 before Christ. It appears from the researches
of M. Stanislaus Julian that, from the time of the Emperor Hoang-ti,
who reigned 2698 to 2599 before Christ, there had always existed a
public officer bearing the title of the Intendant of Pottery, and that
it was under the reign of Hoang-ti that the potter's art was invented
by Kouen-ou. It is also certain that porcelain, or fine pottery, was
common in China in the time of the Emperors Han, 163 B.C.

In digging the foundations of the palaces, erected by the dynasties of
Han and Thang, from 163 B.C. to 903 A.D. great quantities of ancient
vases were found which were of a pure whiteness, but exhibited little
beauty of form or fabrication. It was only under the dynasty of Song,
that is to say, from 960 to 1278 A.D., that Chinese porcelain began to
attain a high degree of perfection.

Further evidence of the antiquity of the potter's art in China, as well
as of the existence of intercommunication between that country and
Egypt, is supplied by the discoveries of Rossellina, Wilkinson, and
others, who found numerous vases of Chinese fabrication, and bearing
Chinese inscriptions, in the tombs at Thebes. Professor Rossellini
found a small vase of Chinese porcelain with a painting of a flower
on one side, and on the other Chinese characters not differing much
from those used at the present day. The tomb was of the time of the
Pharaohs, a little later than the eighteenth dynasty.

This vase, with its Chinese inscription, is represented in Fig. 1, from
an exact cast made by Mr. Francis Davis.

Another of the Chinese vases, found in the Theban tombs, is represented
in Fig. 2. This is preserved in the Museum of the Louvre. The shape of
the vase is that of a flat-sided flask. A side view is given in Fig. 3.

These flasks are very small. The engravings represent them of their
proper dimensions. Mr. Wilkinson thinks it probable that they were
brought to Egypt from India, the Egyptians having had commercial
relations with that country at a very remote epoch, and that they came
not as pieces of porcelain, but as vessels containing some articles of
importation.


STRONG ATTACHMENT TO SMOKING.

The following is a curious case of extreme fondness for smoking in a
very poor and very old man. In the year 1810, there died in Dartford
workhouse, aged 106, one John Gibson. He had been an inmate of the
house for ten years, and till within two months of his death used daily
to perambulate the town. His faculties were entire to the last. He was
so much attached to smoking, that he requested his pipe, together with
his walking-stick, might be placed in his coffin, which request was
complied with.


EXTRAORDINARY LETTER.

The following strange and curious epistle, we are assured, was sent to
a surgeon of eminence by a malefactor who had been sentenced to death.
It has a degree of character and quaintness about it which is rarely
found in the letters of convicts. Whether or not the surgeon complied
with his request we do not know.

"Sir,--Being informed that you are the only surgeon in this county, in
the habit of dissecting dead bodies--being very poor, I am desirous of
passing what remains to me of life, with as much comfort as my unhappy
condition admits of. In all probability I shall be executed in the
course of a month; having no friend to intercede for me, nor even to
afford me a morsel of bread, to keep body and soul together till the
fatal moment arrives, I beg you will favour me with a visit; I am
desirous of disposing of my body, which is healthy and sound, for a
moderate sum of money. It shall be delivered to you on demand, being
persuaded that on the day of general resurrection, I shall as readily
find it in your laboratory, as if it were deposited in a tomb. Your
speedy answer will much oblige your obedient servant,

  JAMES BROWN."


A MATTRESS FOR A BANK.

In the month of April, 1822, Mrs. Motley, broker, Bedford-street,
North Shields, purchased an old mattress for 2s. from a shipowner,
who was going to reside with his daughter; in arranging some papers a
few days ago, he found a document in the hand-writing of his deceased
wife, not intended for his perusal, but that of her son by a former
husband, in which it was stated that property to a considerable amount
was deposited in the said mattress. His daughter in consequence waited
on Mrs. Motley, and offered her a few shillings to return it. Mrs.
M. naturally supposed that this seeming generosity was not without
a cause, but having sold it to a Mrs. Hill for 3s., for a small
consideration she regained possession of the prize, but on entering her
house the original proprietor and a constable were ready to receive
her, and without ceremony cut open the mattress, when a purse, said to
contain 100gs., two gloves filled with current silver coin, several
valuable rings, trinkets, silver spoons, &c., were discovered. Mrs.
Hill had considerably reduced the mattress to fit a small bedstead
without finding the hidden treasure.


ARCHITECTURE FOR EARTHQUAKES.

Sumatra is one of the largest islands in the Indian Archipelago, and
the houses of the inhabitants are deserving of notice, inasmuch as
they furnish a correct and curious specimen of the style of building,
which the frequent occurrence of earthquakes renders the safest in the
countries where such visitations are common.

The frames of the houses are of wood, the under-plates resting on
pillars six or eight feet high, which have a sort of capital, but no
base, and are wider at top than at bottom. The people appear to have no
idea of architecture as a science, though much ingenuity is often shown
in working up their materials. The general appearance of their houses
is accurately represented in the annexed plate. For the floorings they
lay whole bamboos, four or five inches in diameter, close to each
other, and fasten them at the ends to the timbers. Across these are
laid laths of split bamboo, about an inch wide and of the length of the
room, which are tied down with filaments of the rattan, and over these
are usually spread mats of different kinds. This sort of flooring has
an elasticity alarming to strangers when they first tread on it.

The sides of the houses are generally closed in with bamboo, opened
and rendered flat by notching or splitting the circular joints on the
outside, chipping away the corresponding divisions within, and laying
it to dry in the sun pressed down with weights. This is sometimes
nailed to the upright timbers or bamboos, but in the country parts
it is more commonly interwoven or matted in breadths of six inches,
and a piece or sheet formed at once of the size required. In some
places they use for the same purpose the inner bark procured from some
particular trees. When they prepare to take it, the outer bark is first
torn or cut away; the inner is then marked out with a proper tool to
the requisite size, usually three cubits by one; it is afterwards
beaten for some time with a heavy stick to loosen it from the stem, and
being peeled off, laid in the sun to dry, care being taken to prevent
its warping. The bark used in building has nearly the texture and
hardness of wood; but the pliable and delicate bark of which clothing
is made is procured from a bastard species of the bread-fruit.

[Illustration [++] Sumatran House.]

The most general mode of covering houses is with the leaf of a kind of
palm called _nipah_. These, before they are laid on, are formed into
sheets about five feet long, and as deep as the length of the leaf will
admit, which is doubled at one end over a slip or lath of bamboo. They
are then disposed on the roof so that one sheet shall lap over the
other, and are tied to the bamboos which serve for rafters.


THE NOSS IN SHETLAND.

Off Bressay is the most remarkable of the rock phenomena of Shetland,
the Noss, a small high island, with a flat summit, girt on all sides
by perpendicular walls of rock. It is only 500 feet in length, and
170 broad, and rises abruptly from the sea to the height of 160 feet.
The communication with the coast of Bressay is maintained by strong
ropes stretched across, along which a cradle or wooden chair is run, in
which the passenger is seated. It is of a size sufficient for conveying
across a man and a sheep at a time. The purpose of this strange
contrivance is to give the tenant the benefit of putting a few sheep
upon the Holm, the top of which is level, and affords good pasture.
The animals are transported in the cradle, one at a time, a shepherd
holding them upon his knees in crossing.

[Illustration: Cradle of Noss.]

The temptation of getting access to the numberless eggs and young
of the sea-fowl which whiten the surface of the Holm, joined to the
promised reward of a cow, induced a hardy and adventurous fowler, about
two centuries ago, to scale the cliff of the Holm, and establish a
connexion by ropes with the neighbouring main island. Having driven
two stakes into the rock and fastened his ropes, the desperate man was
entreated to avail himself of the communication thus established in
returning across the gulf. But this he refused to do, and in attempting
to descend the way he had climbed, he fell, and perished by his
foolhardiness.


SWALLOWED UP BY AN EARTHQUAKE AND THROWN OUT AGAIN.

A tombstone in the island of Jamaica has the following inscription:--

"Here lieth the body of Lewis Galdy, Esq., who died on the 22nd of
September, 1737, aged 80. He was born at Montpellier, in France, which
place he left for his religion, and settled on this island, where, in
the great earthquake, 1672, he was swallowed up, and by the wonderful
providence of God, by a second shock was thrown out into the sea,
where he continued swimming until he was taken up by a boat, and thus
miraculously preserved. He afterwards lived in great reputation, and
died universally lamented."


CUSTOMS OF THE BORDER BETWEEN ENGLAND AND SCOTLAND.

In the courts held by the lords wardens of the Marches, a jury was
established: the English lord chose six out of Scotland, and the Scotch
six out of England. The defendant, upon the trials, was acquitted
upon his own oath; these oaths are singular: we transcribe them.--1.
JUROR'S OATH. You shall clean no bills worthy to be fouled: you shall
foul no bills worthy to be cleaned; but shall do that which appeareth
with truth, for the maintenance of truth, and suppressing of attempts.
So help you God.--2. PLAINTIFF'S OATH. You shall leile (little) price
make, and truth say, what your goods were worth at the time of their
taking, to have been bought and sold in the market, taken all at
one time, and that you know no other recovery but this. So help you
God.--3. DEFENDANT'S OATH. You shall swear, by heaven above you, hell
beneath you, by your part in Paradise, by all that God made in six days
and seven nights, and by God himself, you are whart and sackless, of
art, part, way, witting, ridd, kenning, having, or reciting, of any of
the goods and chattles named in this bill. So help you God. These oaths
and proceedings arose from the frequent incursions of both Scotch and
English, on both sides the wall, to where they had no right.


TURKISH MODE OF REPARATION.

On April 25th, 1769, at Constantinople, the Turks were removing the
standard of Mahomet, making a grand procession through the city; all
Christians, upon this occasion, were forbid to appear in the streets or
at their windows. But the wife and daughter of the Imperial minister,
being excited by curiosity, placed themselves at a secret window to
observe the procession; which was no sooner discovered by the Turks,
than they attacked the ambassador's house, and endeavoured to force an
entrance. But the servants of the minister opposing them, well-armed,
a dreadful fray ensued, in which no less than one hundred persons lost
their lives, and the ambassador's lady was very severely treated.
Some of the rioters dragged her down into the court-yard, and made
preparations to strangle her; when a party of Janissaries, who were
despatched to her assistance by an aga in the neighbourhood, happily
came and preserved her. Upon complaint being made of this outrage, by
her husband, to the grand vizier, that minister expressed great sorrow
for the insult that had been offered, and assured him he should have
all the reparation it was possible to procure. A few hours after the
vizier sent the Imperial minister a rich present of jewels for his
lady, _and a bag, which was found to contain the heads of the three
principal rioters_.


HAIR TURNED GREY BY FRIGHT.

There is an interesting anecdote of a boy, in one of the rudest parts
of the County of Clare, in Ireland, who, in order to destroy some
eaglets, lodged in a hole one hundred feet from the summit of a rock,
which rose four hundred feet perpendicular from the sea, caused himself
to be suspended by a rope, with a scimitar in his hand for his defence,
should he meet with an attack from the old ones; which precaution was
found necessary; for no sooner had his companions lowered him to the
nest, than one of the old eagles made at him with great fury, at which
he struck, but, unfortunately missing his aim, nearly cut through the
rope that supported him. Describing his horrible situation to his
comrades, they cautiously and safely drew him up; when it was found
that his hair, which a quarter of an hour before was a dark auburn, was
changed to grey.


MEMORABLE SNOW-STORM.

The following characteristic account is taken _literatim_ from the
parish register of the village of Youlgrave in Derbyshire:--"This year
1614-5 Jan. 16 began the greatest snow which ever fell uppon the earth,
within man's memorye. It cover'd the earth five quarters deep uppon the
playne. And for heapes or drifts of snow, they were very deep, so that
passengers, both horse and foot, passed over yates hedges and walles.
It fell at ten severall tymes, and the last was the greatest, to the
greate admiration and fear of all the land, for it came from the foure
p{ts} of the world, so that all c'ntryes were full, yea, the south
p'te as well as these mountaynes. It continued by daily encreasing
until the 12{th} day of March, (without the sight of any earth, eyther
uppon hilles or valleys) uppon w{ch} daye, being the Lordes day, it
began to decrease; and so by little and little consumed and wasted
away, till the eight and twentyth day of May, for then all the heapes
or drifts of snow were consumed, except one uppon Kinder-Scout, w{ch}
lay till Witson week."


ROADS IN 1780.

A squire from the neighbourhood of Glastonbury, journeying to Sarum in
his carriage, about 1780, took care that his footman was provided with
a good axe to lop off any branches of trees that might obstruct the
progress of the vehicle.


WONDERFUL PEDESTRIAN FEAT.

Captain Cochrane, who set out from St. Petersburg in May, 1820, to walk
through the interior of Russia to the east of Asia, with a view of
ascertaining the fact of a north-east cape, travelled at the rate of
_forty-three miles a day for one hundred and twenty-three successive
days_. He afterwards walked upwards of four hundred miles without
meeting a human being. Wherever he went he seems to have accommodated
himself to the habits of the people, however rude and disgusting.
With the Kalmucks, he ate horse-flesh, elks, and wolves; and with
the Tchutski he found as little difficulty in pasturing upon bears,
rein-deer, and _raw frozen fish_, the latter of which he considered a
great delicacy.


BOOK-SHAPED WATCH.

[Illustration [++] Book-Shaped Watch.]

The unique curiosity, of which the annexed is an accurate
representation, was one of the choicest rarities of the Bernal
collection, and is, therefore, highly appropriate to our pages. It once
belonged to, and was made for, Bogislaus XIV., Duke of Pomerania, in
the time of Gustavus Adolphus. On the dial-side there is an engraved
inscription of the Duke and his titles, with the date 1627, and the
engraving of his armorial bearings; on the back of the case there
are engraved two male portraits, buildings, &c.; the dial-plate is
of silver, chased in relief; the insides are chased with birds and
foliage. This watch has apparently two separate movements, and a large
bell; at the back, over the bell, the metal is ornamentally pierced
in a circle, with a dragon and other devices, and the sides are
pierced and engraved in scrolls. It bears the maker's name, "Dionistus
Hessichti."


THE RULING PASSION.

Mr. Henry Stribling, farmer, who died at Goodleigh, near Barnstaple,
August 1st, 1800, in the eightieth year of his age, was one of the
greatest fox-hunters in Devonshire, and had collected such a number
of foxes pads, all of which he had himself cut off when in at the
death, that they entirely covered his stable door and door-posts. At
his own particular request, a pad was placed in each of his hands
in his coffin, and he was attended to the grave by the huntsmen and
whippers-in of the packs with which he had hunted.


EDICTS AGAINST FIDDLERS.

An idea may be formed of the strictness with which all popular
amusements were prohibited when the Puritans had the ascendancy, from
the fact that in 1656-7 Oliver Cromwell prohibited all persons called
fiddlers or minstrels from playing, fiddling, or making music in any
inn, alehouse, or tavern, &c. If they proffered themselves or offered
to make music, they were to be adjudged to be rogues, vagabonds, and
sturdy vagabonds, and were to be proceeded against as such.


SCENE OF DESOLATION.

[Illustration [++] Pass of Keim-an-eigh.]

The pass of Keim-an-eigh is one of the numerous wonders of nature.
It is situated on the road from Macroom to Bantry, in the county of
Cork, and winds through a deep and narrow rocky defile, about two
English miles in length. Its name means, in Irish, "The Path of the
Deer." Perhaps, in no part of the kingdom, is there to be found a
place so utterly desolate and gloomy. A mountain has been divided by
some convulsion of nature, and the narrow pass is overhung on either
side, as seen in our engraving, by perpendicular cliffs clothed in wild
ivy and underwood, with, occasionally, a stunted yew-tree or arbutus
growing among them. At every step advance seems impossible--some huge
rock jutting out into the path, or sweeping round it, seeming to
conduct only to some barrier still more insurmountable; while from
all sides rush down the "wild fountains," and forming for themselves
a rugged channel, make their way onward, the first tributary to the
gentle and fruitful Lee. Nowhere has Nature assumed a more apalling
aspect, or manifested a more stern resolve to dwell in her own
loneliness and grandeur, undisturbed by any living thing; for even the
birds seem to shun a solitude so awful, and the hum of bee or chirp of
grasshopper is never heard within its precincts.


THE FIRST ENGLISH NUN.

Face, widow of Edwin, king of Northumberland, is said to have been the
first English nun; and the first nunnery in England appears to have
been at Barking, in Essex, which was founded by Erkenwald, Bishop of
London, wherein he placed a number of Benedictine or black nuns. The
most rigid nuns are those of St. Clara, of the order of St. Francis,
both of which individuals were born and lived in the same town: the
nuns are called poor Clares, and both they and the monks wear grey
clothes. Abbesses had formerly seats in parliament. In one, held in
694, says Spelman, they sat and deliberated, and several of them
subscribed the decrees made in it. They sat, says Ingulphus, in a
parliament held in 855. In the reigns of Henry III. and Edward I. four
of them were summoned to a national council, viz. those of Shaftesbury,
Barking, Winchester, and Wilton.


PRESENCE OF MIND--ESCAPE FROM A TIGER.

In 1812, a party of British naval and military officers were dining in
a jungle at some distance from Madras, when a ferocious tiger rushed in
among them, seized a young midshipman, and flung him across his back.
In the first emotion of terror, the other officers had all snatched
up their arms, and retired some paces from their assailant, who stood
lashing his sides with his tail, as if doubtful whether he should seize
more prey, or retire with that which he had already secured. They knew
that it is usual with the tiger, before he seizes his prey, to deprive
it of life, by a pat on the head, which generally breaks the skull;
but this is not his invariable practice. The little midshipman lay
motionless on the back of his enemy; but yet the officers, who were
uncertain whether he had received the mortal pat or not, were afraid
to fire, lest they should kill him together with the tiger. While in
this state of suspense, they perceived the hand of the youth gently
move over the side of the animal, and conceiving the motion to result
from the convulsive throbs of death, they were about to fire, when, to
their utter astonishment, the tiger dropped stone dead; and their young
friend sprung from the carcass, waving in triumph a bloody dirk drawn
from the heart, for which he had been feeling with the utmost coolness
and circumspection, when the motion of his hand had been taken for a
dying spasm.


COST OF ARTICLES IN THE FOURTEENTH CENTURY.

The following article is taken from Martin's _History of Thetford_.
It is copied from an original record in that borough, when John le
Forester was mayor, in the tenth year of Edward the Third, A.D. 1336.
It is so far curious, as it exhibits an authentic account of the value
of many articles at that time; being a bill, inserted in the town book,
of the expenses attending the sending two light-horsemen from Thetford
to the army, which was to march against the Scots that year.

                                                          £  s.   d.
  To two men chosen to go into the army against Scotland  1  0    0

  For cloth, and to the tailor for making it into
        two _gowns_                                       0   6  11

  For two pair of gloves, and a stick or staff            0   0   2

  For two horses                                          1  15   0-1/2

  For shoeing these horses                                0   0   4

  For two pair of boots for the light-horsemen            0   2   8

  Paid to a lad for going with the mayor to Lenn (Lynn),
        to take care of the horses (the distance between
        Thetford and Lynn is 53 miles)                    0   0   3

  To a boy for a letter at Lenn (viz., carrying
        it thither)                                       0   0   3

  Expenses for the horses of two light-horsemen for four
  days before they departed                               0   1   0


LAW AND ORDER IN THE STREETS OF LONDON IN 1733.

What an extraordinary state of things does the following extract from
the _Weekly Register_ of December 8th, 1733, disclose! The stages and
hackney-coaches actually made open war upon private carriages. "The
drivers," says the paragraph, "are commissioned by their masters to
annoy, sink, and destroy all the single and double horse-chaises they
can conveniently meet with, or overtake in their way, without regard
to the lives or limbs of the persons who travel in them. What havoc
these industrious sons of blood and wounds have made within twenty
miles of London in the compass of a summer's season, is best known by
the articles of accidents in the newspapers: the miserable shrieks of
women and children not being sufficient to deter the villains from
doing what they call their duty to their masters; for besides their
daily or weekly wages, they have an extraordinary stated allowance for
every chaise they can reverse, ditch, or bring by the road, as the term
or phrase is." Verily, we who live in the present day have reason to
rejoice that in _some_ things there is a decided improvement upon "the
good old times."


NEVER SLEEPING IN A BED.

Christopher Pivett, of the city of York, died 1796, aged 93. He was
a carver and gilder by trade; but during the early part of his life
served in the army, and was in the retinue of the Duke of Cumberland,
under whose command he took part in the battle of Fontenoy, as he did
at the battle of Dettingen under the Earl of Stair; he was likewise
at the siege of Carlisle, and the great fight of Culloden. His house,
after he had settled at York, being accidentally burnt down, he formed
the singular resolution of never again sleeping in a bed, lest he
should be burned to death whilst asleep, or not have time sufficient,
should such a misfortune again befall him, to remove his property; and
this resolution he rigidly acted upon during the last forty years of
his life. His practice was to repose upon the floor, or on two chairs,
or sitting in a chair, but always with his clothes on. During the
whole of this period he lived entirely alone, cooked his own victuals,
and seldom admitted any one into his habitation: nor would he ever
disclose to any the place of his birth, or to whom he was related. He
had many singularities, but possessed, politically as well as socially,
a laudable spirit of independence, which he boldly manifested on
several trying occasions. Among other uncommon articles which composed
the furniture of his dwelling, was a human skull, which he left strict
injunctions should be interred with him.


AMULET BROTCHE.

The subjoined engraving represents an ancient Gaelic Brotche, which was
made in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and once belonged to a Highland
Chief, Maclean of Lochbuy in the Isle of Mull, being formed of silver
found on his estate. It is of circular form, scolloped, and surrounded
by small upright obelisks, each set with a pearl at top; in the centre
is a round crystalline ball, considered a magical gem; the top may be
taken off, showing a hollow, originally for reliques. On the reverse
side of the brotche are engraved the names of the three kings of
Cologne, with the word _consummation_. It was probably a consecrated
brotche, and worn not only for the purpose of fastening the dress, but
as an amulet.

[Illustration [++] Gaelic Brotche.]


THE GOLYNOS OAK.

This wonderful tree grew on the estate from which it takes its name,
about four miles from Newport, Monmouth. It was purchased by Thomas
Harrison, Esq., in the year 1810, for 100 guineas, and was felled and
converted by him the same year. Five men were twenty days stripping
and cutting it down; and a pair of sawyers were employed 138 days in
its conversion. The expense of stripping, felling, and sawing was £82.
The trunk of the tree was 9-1/2 feet in diameter, and no saw could
be found long enough to cut it down; two saws were therefore brazed
together. The rings in its butt being reckoned, it was discovered that
this tree had been improving upwards of 400 years! and, as many of its
lateral branches were dead, and some broken off, it is presumed it must
have stood a century after it had attained maturity. When standing
it overspread 452 square yards of ground, and produced 2,426 feet of
timber. When all its parts were brought to market they produced nearly
£600.

[Illustration [++] Golynos Oak.]


CARFAX CONDUIT.

[Illustration [++] Carfax Conduit.]

In the grounds at Nuneham Courtenay, near Oxford, belonging to Mr.
Harcourt, on one of the slopes that ascend directly from the river
Thames, stands the ancient and far-famed Carfax Conduit, which formerly
stood as a kind of central point to the four principal streets of
Oxford. Certain alterations requiring its removal, it was, with the
most perfect propriety, presented to the Earl Harcourt.

It was built in 1610, by Otho Nicholson--a liberal and enterprising
gentleman--in order to supply the city with pure water, brought from
a hill above North Hinksey; and although the conduit is removed, the
pipes still remain, and afford a partial supply that will be superseded
by the new City Waterworks. It is a square, decorated in accordance
with the taste of the time--mermaids holding combs and mirrors, and
dragons, antelopes, unicorns, being scattered about, while the Empress
Maude is introduced riding an ox over a ford, in allusion to the
name of the city. The letters O. N., the initials of the founder,
are conspicuous; while above the centres of the four arches are the
cardinal virtues--Justice, Temperance, Fortitude, and Prudence.

Carfax is from a Bishop of that name, who presided over the diocese of
Tours in France, and died in the year 399. He was canonized, and is the
tutelar saint of Carfax, or St. Martin's church, in the city of Oxford.


DESTRUCTION OF LIBRARIES IN THE TIME OF HENRY VIII., AT THE DISSOLUTION
OF THE MONASTERIES.

It is a circumstance well known, to every one at all conversant in
English history, that the suppression of the lesser monasteries by that
rapacious monarch Henry the Eighth took place in 1536. Bishop Fisher,
when the abolition was first proposed in the convocation, strenuously
opposed it, and told his brethren that this was fairly shewing the
king how he might come at the great monasteries. "And so my lords,"
continued he, "if you grant the king these smaller monasteries, you do
but make him a handle whereby he may cut down all the cedars within
your Lebanon." Fisher's fears were borne out by the subsequent act
of Henry, who, after quelling a civil commotion occasioned by the
suppression of the lesser monasteries, immediately abolished the
remainder, and in the whole suppressed six hundred and forty-five
monasteries, of which twenty-eight had abbots who enjoyed seats in
Parliament. Ninety colleges were demolished; two thousand three hundred
and seventy-four charities and free chapels, and one hundred and ten
hospitals. The havoc that was made among the libraries cannot be better
described than in the words of Bayle, Bishop of Ossory, in the preface
to Leland's "New Year's Gift to King Henry the Eighth."

"A greate nombre of them whyche purchased those superstychouse mansyons
(monesteries) reserved of those librarye bookes, some to serve theyr
jokes, some to scoure thyr candlestyckes, and some to rubbe theyr
bootes. Some they solde to the grossers and sope-sellers, and some
they sent over see to the book bynders, not in small nombre, but at
tymes whole shyppes full to the wonderynge of foren nacyons: yea ye
universytes of thys realme are not alle clere in this detestable fact,
but cursed is that bellye whych seketh to be fedde with suche ungodlye
gaynes, and so depelye shameth hys natural conterye. I knowe a merchant
manne whyche shall at thys tyme be namelesse, that boughte ye contentes
of two noble lybraryes for forty shyllinges pryce: a shame it is to be
spoken: Thys stuffe hath he occupyed in the stede of grey paper by the
space of more than these ten yeares and yet he hath store ynoughe for
as manye yeares to come. A prodygyouse example is thys to be abhorred
of all men whych love thyr nacyon as they shoulde do. The monkes kept
them undre dust, ye ydle headed prestes regarded them not, theyr latter
owners have most shamefully abused them, and ye covetouse merchantes
have solde them awaye into foren nacyons for moneye."


CURIOUS MENTAL AFFECTION.

Singular faculties have been developed during somnambulism in the
mental condition. Thus a case is related of a woman in the Edinburgh
infirmary who, during her paroxysm, not only mimicked the manner
of the attendant physicians, but repeated correctly some of their
prescriptions in Latin.

Dr. Dyce, of Aberdeen, describes the case of a girl, in which this
affection began with fits of somnolency, which came upon her suddenly
during the day, and from which she could at first be roused by shaking
or by being taken into the open air. During these attacks she was in
the habit of talking of things that seemed to pass before her like
a dream, and was not at the time sensible of anything that was said
to her. On one occasion she repeated the entire of the baptismal
service, and concluded with an extempore prayer. In her subsequent
paroxysms she began to understand what was said to her, and to answer
with a considerable degree of consistency, though these replies were
in a certain measure influenced by her hallucination. She also became
capable of following her usual employment during her paroxysm. At one
time she would lay out the table for breakfast, and repeatedly dress
herself and the children, her eyes remaining shut the whole time. The
remarkable circumstance was now discovered, that, during the paroxysm,
she had a distinct recollection of what had taken place in former
attacks, though she had not the slightest recollection of it during the
intervals. She was taken to church during the paroxysm, and attended
the service with apparent devotion, and at one time was so affected
by the sermon that she actually shed tears; yet in the interval she
had no recollection whatever of the circumstance, but in the following
paroxysm she gave a most distinct account of it, and actually repeated
the passage of the sermon that had so much affected her. This sort of
somnambulism, relating distinctly to two periods, has been called,
perhaps erroneously, a _state of double consciousness_.

This girl described the paroxysm as coming on with a dimness of sight
and a noise in the head. During the attack, her eyelids were generally
half shut, and frequently resembled those of a person labouring under
amaurosis, the pupil dilated and insensible. Her looks were dull and
vacant, and she often mistook the person who was speaking to her. The
paroxysms usually lasted an hour, but she often could be roused from
them. She then yawned and stretched herself like a person awakening
from sleep, and instantly recognised those about her. At one time, Dr.
Dyce affirms, she read distinctly a portion of a book presented to her,
and she would frequently sing pieces of music more correctly and with
better taste than when awake.


DECORATIVE DRINKING VESSEL.

[Illustration [++] German Decorative Vessel.]

The above represents a German decorative drinking vessel of the early
part of the seventeenth century. It is a stork bearing in its beak an
infant; in accordance with the old German nursery tale that the king
of the Storks is the bringer and protector of babies. It is of silver,
chased all over; the eyes are formed of rubies; and one wing takes off
that liquid may be placed in the body, and imbibed through the neck,
by a hole in the crown of the bird. It was probably a quaint fancy for
some German noble nursery.


EXAMPLES OF ANCIENT VASES.

The Vases which are grouped in the annexed engraving are highly
deserving of a place in our collection of curiosities, inasmuch as they
are truly unique and beautiful specimens of the degree of perfection
to which the art of glass-making had been carried at the period when
Rome was mistress of the world. They all belong to that period, and in
elegance of form and skill of workmanship they equal--we had almost
said, surpass, the most artistic productions of the present day.

[Illustration [++] Ancient Vases.]

Figure 1 is that celebrated vase which for more than two centuries was
the principal ornament of the Barberini palace at Rome. It was thence
generally known as the "Barberini Vase;" but having been purchased
by Sir W. Hamilton, and then sold by him to the Duchess of Portland,
it was at her death munificently presented by her son, the Duke of
Portland, to the British Museum, where it has ever since remained as
one of its choicest gems, and is now known as the "Portland Cinerary
Vase." It was found about the middle of the sixteenth century, enclosed
in a marble sarcophagus, within a sepulchral chamber under the Monte
del Grane, two miles and a half from Rome, on the road to Frascati. The
tomb is believed to have been that of the Emperor Alexander Severus,
and his mother Mammæa. The vase is made of purple glass, ornamented
with white opaque figures in bas-relief. The execution of the design
is most admirable. In the first place, the artist must have had the
aptitude to blow in purple glass a beautiful form of vase, with
handles attached: and, even thus far, this is considered in our day a
masterpiece of skill at our best glass-houses. Secondly, with the oxide
of tin forming an opaque white glass, the artist managed to cover the
whole of the purple vase with this white opaque glass, to at least
the thickness of a quarter of an inch. The artist then, in the manner
of cutting a cameo on the onyx stone, cut the opaque glass away,
leaving the white figures and allegory embossed upon the purple. The
figures in relief are in two groups: in the former of these, a female
is represented in a recumbent posture, with a cupid hovering above her
head, and a serpent in her lap; a young man on one side supporting her
stretched out arm, and on the other a bearded personage of more mature
age, attentively regarding her. The latter group, on the opposite side
of the vase, consists of a female reclining on a pile of tablets, with
her right hand placed on her head, and holding in her hand a lighted
torch with the flame downwards--a young man being seated on a pile on
one side of her, and a female, holding a rod or staff in the right
hand, sitting on the other. The subject of the bas-relief has created
much difference of opinion, but it is generally supposed to have
reference to the birth of Severus. A few years ago this vase was broken
by a madman, but it has since been repaired in a most artistic manner.

Figure 2 is the "Alexandrian Vase," of the Museo Borbonico, Naples.

Figure 3 is the "Pompeii Vase," also of the Museo Borbonico. It was
discovered in a sepulchre of Pompeii in 1839, and is of the same
character in the colours and quality of the glass as the Portland Vase,
but of a more recent date. It is probably the production of Greek
artists working in Rome.

Figure 4 is the "Aldjo Vase," which was found in 1833 at Pompeii, in
the house of the Fauna. The ground of the vase is of a deep sapphire
blue, on which, in opaque white glass, the ornaments are cut. It was
found broken. Part is in the possession of Mr. Auldjo; the other in the
British Museum. The shape of this vase is elegant, the handle and lip
of exquisite form, and the taste and execution of the ornamental work
in the purest style.


MINUTENESS OF INSECT LIFE.

As the telescope enables the eye of man to penetrate into far-distant
space, and reveals to him myriads of suns and systems which otherwise
would have remained for ever hidden from his natural sight, so
the microscope opens up a world of life everywhere around us, but
altogether unsuspected, astounding us as much by the inappreciable
minuteness of its discoveries, as the former by the stupendous
magnitude and remoteness of the objects. If we go to any ditch or pool
which the summer sun has covered with a mantle of stagnant greenness,
and lift from it a minute drop of water, such as would adhere to
the head of a pin, we shall find it, under a high magnifying power,
swarming with living beings, moving about with great rapidity, and
approaching or avoiding each other with evident perception and will.

"Vain would it be," observes Professor Jones, "to attempt by words
to give anything like a definite notion of the minuteness of some
of these multitudinous races. Let me ask the reader to divide an
inch into 22,000 parts, and appreciate mentally the value of each
division: having done so, and not till then, shall we have a standard
sufficiently minute to enable us to measure the microscopic beings upon
the consideration of which we are now entering. Neither is it easy to
give the student of nature, who has not accurately investigated the
subject for himself, adequate conceptions relative to the numbers in
which the _Infusoria_ sometimes crowd the waters they frequent; but
let him take his microscope, and the means of making a rough estimate,
at least, are easily at his disposal. He will soon perceive that the
animalcule-inhabitants of a drop of putrid water, possessing, as many
of them do, dimensions not larger than the 2,000th part of a line, swim
so closely together, that the intervals separating them are not greater
than their own bodies. The matter, therefore, becomes a question for
arithmetic to solve, and we will pause to make the calculation.

"The _Monas termo_, for example--a creature that might be pardonably
regarded as an embodiment of the mathematical point, almost literally
without either length, or breadth, or thickness--has been calculated to
measure about the 22,000th part of an inch in its transverse diameter;
and in water taken from the surface of many putrid infusions, they are
crowded as closely as we have stated above. We may therefore safely
say, that, swimming at ordinary distances apart, 10,000 of them would
be contained in a linear space one inch in length, and consequently
a cubic inch of such water will thus contain more living and active
organized beings than there are human inhabitants upon the whole
surface! However astounding such a fact may seem when first enunciated,
none is more easily demonstrated with the assistance of a good
microscope."

The term _Infusoria_ has been by some naturalists applied to these
diminutive animals, because they are invariably found in the infusions
of vegetable or animal substances. They can thus be obtained at all
times, by simply steeping a little hay, or chaff, or leaves or stems of
any plant, in a vessel of water, and placing the infusion in the sun
for a week or ten days.


LEGENDS OF JUDAS ISCARIOT.

It was believed in Pier della Valle's time, that the descendants of
Judas Iscariot still existed at Corfu, though the persons who suffered
this imputation stoutly denied the truth of the genealogy.

When the ceremony of washing the feet is performed in the Greek Church
at Smyrna, the bishop represents Christ, and the twelve apostles are
acted by as many priests. He who personates Judas must be paid for it,
and such is the feeling of the people, that whoever accepts this odious
part, commonly retains the name of Judas for life (Hasselquist, p. 43).

Judas serves in Brazil for a Guy Faux to be carried about by the
boys, and made the subject of an auto-da-fe. The Spanish sailors hang
him at the yard arm. It is not long since a Spaniard lost his life
at Portsmouth, during the performance of this ceremony, by jumping
overboard after the figure.

The Armenians, who believe hell and limbo to be the same place, say
that Judas, after having betrayed our Lord, resolved to hang himself,
because he knew Christ was to go to limbo, and deliver all the souls
which he found there, and therefore he thought to get there in time.
But the Devil was cunninger than he, and knowing his intent, held him
over limbo till the Lord had passed through, and then let him fall plum
into hell. (Thevenot.)


QUEEN ELIZABETH'S SIDE-SADDLE.

In a retired part of the county of Essex, at a short distance from the
road, in a secluded and lovely spot, stands the picturesque residence
called Horeham Hall. The mansion is in the parish of Thaxted, and is
about two miles south-west of the church. It was once in the possession
of the important family of the De Wauton's; it afterwards belonged to
Sir John Cutts, and eventually it became the property of Sir W. Smijth,
of Hill Hall, in whose family it has remained up to the present time.

Of the learned Sir Thomas Smijth, the secretary to King Edward VI.
and Queen Elizabeth, there is still preserved an ancient portrait on
panel, which is let into a circle over the carved fire-place of one of
the parlours. It is remarkable as being one of the very few portraits
painted by Titian.

[Illustration [++] Queen Elizabeth's Side Saddle.]

Another interesting relic is represented in the annexed cut. It is
preserved in the Great Hall, and is the side-saddle of Queen Elizabeth;
the pommel is of wrought metal, and has been gilt; the ornament upon
it is in the then fashionable style of the Renaissance; the seat of
velvet is now in a very ruinous condition; but it is carefully kept
beneath a glass case, as a memento of the Queen's visits to this place.
When princess, Elizabeth retired to Horeham as a place of refuge during
the reign of her sister Mary; the loveliness of the situation and its
distance from the metropolis rendered it a seclusion befitting the
quietude of one anxious to remain unnoticed in troublous times. A room
on the first floor in the square tower is shown as that in which Queen
Elizabeth resided. She found the retirement of Horeham so agreeable,
that often after she had succeeded to the throne she took a pleasure in
re-visiting the place.


THE WINFARTHING OAK, IN NORFOLK.

A writer in the "Gardener's Magazine" gives the following account of
this remarkable tree:--"Of its age I regret to be unable to give any
correct data. It is said to have been called the 'Old Oak' at the
time of William the Conqueror, but upon what authority I could never
learn. Nevertheless, the thing is not impossible, if the speculations
of certain writers on the age of trees be at all correct. Mr. South,
in one of his letters to the Bath Society (vol. x.) calculates that an
oak tree forty-seven feet in circumference cannot be less than fifteen
hundred years old; and Mr. Marsham calculated the Bentley Oak, from its
girting thirty-four feet, to be of the same age. Now, an inscription on
a brass plate affixed to the Winfarthing Oak gives us the following
as its dimensions:--'This oak, in circumference, at the extremities of
the roots, is seventy feet; in the middle, forty feet, 1820.' Now, I
see no reason, if the size of the rind is to be any criterion of age,
why the Winfarthing should not, at least, equal the Bentley oak; and
if so, it would be upwards of seven hundred years old at the Conquest;
an age which might very well justify its then title of the 'Old Oak.'
It is now a mere shell, a mighty ruin, bleached to a snowy white; but
it is magnificent in its decay. The only mark of vitality it exhibits
is on the south side, where a narrow strip of bark sends forth a few
branches, which even now occasionally produce acorns. It is said to
be very much altered of late; but I own I did not think so when I saw
it about a month ago (May 1836); and my acquaintance with the veteran
is of more than forty years' standing: an important portion of _my_
life, but a mere span of its own."


CURIOUS PIECE OF ANCIENT ARMOUR.

[Illustration [++] Bascinet.]

The above engraving represents a helmet, of the time of Richard II.,
which was termed by ancient armourers a bascinet. This extremely rare
specimen was obtained from Her von Hulshoff, at his castle, near
Munster, in Westphalia. The visor lifts upward on a hinge, and its
position may be further regulated by the screw which slips in the
groove above it. The row of holes on the lower edge of the bascinet was
made to secure the _camail_, or tippet of chain-mail which covered the
neck of the wearer.


EXTRAORDINARY ECHO.

Beneath the suspension-bridge across the Menai Strait in Wales, close
to one of the main piers, is a remarkably fine echo. The sound of a
blow on the pier with a hammer, is returned in succession from each
of the cross beams which support the roadway, and from the opposite
pier, at a distance of 576 feet; and in addition to this, the sound is
many times repeated between the water and the roadway. The effect is
a series of sounds, which may be thus described:--The first return is
sharp and strong from the roadway overhead, the rattling which succeeds
dies rapidly away; but the single repercussion from the opposite pier
is very strong, and is succeeded by a faint palpitation, repeating the
sound at the rate of twenty-eight times in five seconds, and which,
therefore, corresponds to a distance of 180 feet, or very nearly the
double interval from the roadway to the water. Thus it appears, that
in the repercussion between the water and the roadway, that from the
latter only affects the ear, the line drawn from the auditor to the
water being too oblique for the sound to diverge sufficiently in that
direction. Another peculiarity deserves especial notice,--viz., that
the echo from the opposite pier is best heard when the auditor stands
precisely opposite to the middle of the breadth of the pier, and
strikes just on that point. As it deviates to one or the other side,
the return is proportionably fainter, and is scarcely heard by him when
his station is a little beyond the extreme edge of the pier, though
another person stationed on the same side of the water, at an equal
distance from the central point, so as to have the pier between them,
hears it well.


JUGGLERS OF MODERN EGYPT.

Performers of sleight-of-hand tricks, who are called _hhowa'h_ (in the
singular, _hha'wee_) are numerous in Cairo. They generally perform in
public places, collecting a ring of spectators around them; from some
of whom they receive small voluntary contributions during and after
their performances. They are most frequently seen on the occasions of
public festivals; but often also at other times. By indecent jests and
actions, they attract as much applause as they do by other means. The
hha'wee performs a great variety of tricks, the most usual of which
we will here mention. He generally has two boys to assist him. From a
large leather bag, he takes out four or five snakes, of a largish size.
One of these he places on the ground, and makes it erect its head and
part of its body; another he puts round the head of one of the boys,
like a turban, and two more over the boy's neck. He takes these off,
opens the boy's mouth, apparently passes the bolt of a kind of padlock
through his cheek, and locks it. Then, in appearance, he forces an
iron spike into the boy's throat; the spike being really pushed up
into a wooden handle. He also performs another trick of the same kind
as this. Placing the boy on the ground, he puts the edge of a knife
upon his nose, and knocks the blade until half its width seems to have
entered. The tricks which he performs alone are more amusing. He draws
a great quantity of various-coloured silk from his mouth, and winds
it on his arm; puts cotton in his mouth, and blows out fire; takes
out of his mouth a great number of round pieces of tin, like dollars;
and, in appearance, blows an earthen pipe-bowl from his nose. In most
of his tricks he occasionally blows through a large shell (called the
hha'wee's zoomma'rah), producing sounds like those of a horn. Most
of his sleight-of-hand performances are nearly similar to those of
exhibitors of the same class in our own and other countries. Taking a
silver finger-ring from one of the bystanders, he puts it in a little
box, blows his shell, and says, "'Efree't change it!" He then opens the
box, and shows, in it, a different ring: shuts the box again; opens
it, and shows the first ring: shuts it a third time: opens it, and
shows a melted lump of silver, which he declares to be the ring melted,
and offers to the owner. The latter insists upon having his ring in
its original state. The hha'wee then asks for five or ten fud'dahs to
recast it; and having obtained this, opens the box again (after having
closed it, and blown his shell), and takes out of it the perfect ring.
He next takes a larger covered box; puts one of his boy's skull-caps
in it, blows his shell, opens the box, and out comes a rabbit: the cap
seems to be gone. He puts the rabbit in again; covers the box; uncovers
it, and out run two little chickens. These he puts in again, blows his
shell, uncovers the box, and shows it full of fatee'rehs (or pancakes),
and koona'feh (which resembles vermicelli): he tells his boys to eat
its contents; but they refuse to do it without honey. He then takes a
small jug, turns it upside-down, to show that it is empty; blows his
shell, and hands round the jug full of honey. The boys, having eaten,
ask for water to wash their hands. The hha'wee takes the same jug, and
hands it filled with water, in the same manner. He takes the box again,
and asks for the cap; blows his shell, uncovers the box, and pours out
from it, into the boy's lap (the lower part of his shirt held up), four
or five small snakes. The boy, in apparent fright, throws them down,
and demands the cap. The hha'wee puts the snakes back into the box;
blows his shell, uncovers the box, and takes out the cap. Another of
his common tricks is to put a number of slips of white paper into a
tinned copper vessel (the tisht of a seller of sherbet), and to take
them out dyed of various colours. He pours water into the same vessel;
puts in a piece of linen; then gives to the spectators, to drink, the
contents of the vessel, changed to sherbet of sugar. Sometimes he
apparently cuts in two a muslin shawl, or burns it in the middle, and
then restores it whole. Often he strips himself of all his clothes,
excepting his drawers; tells two persons to bind him, hands and feet,
and put him in a sack. This done, he asks for a piaster; and some one
tells him that he shall have it if he will put out his hand and take
it. He puts out his hand free; draws it back, and is then taken out of
the sack, bound as at first. He is put in again, and comes out unbound,
handing to the spectators a small tray, upon which are four or five
little plates filled with various eatables; and, if the performance be
at night, several small lighted candles placed round. The spectators
eat the food.


ORIGIN OF ATTAR OF ROSES.

"In the Histoire Generale de l'Empire du Mogol, (_T._ 1, _p_, 327,)
compiled by Catrou the Jesuit, from Manouchi's papers, this perfume is
said to have been discovered by accident. Nur-Jahan, the favorite wife
of the Mogul Jahan-Ghur, among her other luxuries, had a small canal of
rose water. As she was a walking with the Mogul upon its banks, they
perceived a thin film upon the water,--it was an essential oil made by
the heat of the sun. They were delighted with its exquisite odour, and
means were immediately taken for preparing by art a substance like that
which had been thus fortuitously produced."


A MAGICIAN'S MIRROR AND BRACELET.

A strange blending of pure science and gross superstition is remarkably
illustrated in the history of the celebrated Dr. Dee. Born in London
in 1527, John Dee raised himself at an early age to a great reputation
for his learning, in the mathematical sciences especially, in the most
celebrated universities in his own country and of the continent. He is
said to have imbibed a taste for the occult sciences while a student at
Louvain, but there was evidently in his temper much of an enthusiastic
and visionary turn, which must have given him a taste for such
mysterious pursuits, without the necessity of an external impulse. One
of the oldest and most generally credited of magical operations, was
that of bringing spirits or visions into a glass or mirror, a practice
which has continued to exist in the East even to the present day, and
which prevailed to a very considerable extent in all parts of Western
Europe during the sixteenth century. The process was not a direct one,
for the magician did not himself see the vision in the mirror, but
he had to depend upon an intermediate agent, a sort of familiar, who
in England was known by the name of a _skyrer_, and whose business
it was to look into the mirror and describe what he saw. Dr. Dee's
principal skyrer was one Edward Kelly, and during his connexion with
him, Dee kept an exact diary of all his visions, a portion of which was
printed in a folio volume by Merio Casaubon in 1659. In this journal
more than one magical mirror is evidently mentioned, and that which we
here engrave is believed to have been of the number. It is now in the
collection of Lord Londesborough.

[Illustration [++] Magician's Mirror.]

It is a polished oval slab of black stone, of what kind we have not
been able to ascertain, but evidently of a description which was not
then common in Western Europe, and Dr. Dee, who died in 1608, may have
considered it as extremely precious, and as only to be obtained by
some extraordinary means. It was one of the ornaments of the museum
of Horace Walpole at Strawberry Hill; and Walpole has attached to it
a statement of its history in his own hand-writing, from which we
learn that it was "long" in the possession of the Mordaunts, earls
of Peterborough, in whose catalogue it was described as "the black
stone into which Dr. Dee used to call his spirits." It passed from
that collection to Lady Elizabeth Germaine, from whom it went to
John Campbell, Duke of Argyll, whose son, Lord Frederick Campbell,
presented it to Horace Walpole. This interesting relic was bought at
the Strawberry Hill sale for the late Mr. Pigott; and at the more
recent sale of that gentleman's collection, it passed into the hands
of Lord Londesborough. Its history and authenticity appear, therefore,
to be very well made out. The family of the Mordaunts held a prominent
place in English history during the whole of the seventeenth century,
and it is hardly probable that they would have received an object like
this without having good reason for believing that its history was
authentic. It is believed that Butler alluded to this identical stone
in his well-known lines:--

    "Kelly did all his feats upon
     The devil's looking-glass or stone,
     When, playing with him at bo-peep,
     He solv'd all problems ne'er so deep."
                 _Hudibras._ Part II. Canto 3.

[Illustration [++] Magician's Bracelet.]

The regular fitting out of the magician at this period was a
complicated process. He required his implements of various kinds, and,
in addition to these, various robes, made especially for the occasion,
with girdles and head-pieces, and magical rings and bracelets. A
very curious example of the last-mentioned article of the magician's
accoutrements, is represented in the preceding cut, about one-third
the size of the original. It was purchased by Lord Londesborough in
1851, and had formerly been in the possession of Charles Mainwaring,
Esq., of Coleby, near Lincoln. It is of silver, the letters of the
inscription round the bracelet being engraved and filled with niello.
This inscription may be distinctly read as follows:--

  + IONA + IHOAT + LONA + HELOI + YSSARAY + || +
  MEPHENOLPHETON + AGLA + ACHEDION + YANA +
  BACHIONODONAVALI M[*] ILIOR + || BACHIONODONAVALI M[**] ACH +

Some explanation of this mysterious inscription might, no doubt, be
obtained by a diligent comparison of some of the numerous works on
magic compiled in the age of Dr. Dee, and in the seventeenth century.
The bracelet has had four pendants on it, of which three still remain,
with the silver setting of the fourth. One of the pendants which remain
is a brownish pebble, secured by three flat bands of silver; another is
an oval cage of strong silver wire, containing a nut of some kind and
some other vegetable substance; the third has on one side a circular
convex pebble set in silver, and on the back three smaller pebbles.


LUNAR INFLUENCE IN DEATH.

Many modern physicians have stated the opinions of the ancients as
regards lunar influence in diseases, but none have pushed their
inquiries with such indefatigable zeal as the late Dr. Moseley; he
affirms that almost all people in extreme age die at the new or at full
moon, and this he endeavours to prove by the following records:--

  Thomas Parr died at the age of 152, two days after the full moon.
  Henry Jenkins died at the age of 169, the day of the new moon.
  Elizabeth Steward, 124, the day of the new moon.
  William Leland, 140, the day after the new moon.
  John Effingham, 144, two days after full moon.
  Elizabeth Hilton, 121, two days after the full moon.
  John Constant, 113, two days after the new moon.

The doctor then proceeds to show, by the deaths of various illustrious
persons, that a similar rule holds good with the generality of mankind:

  Chaucer, 25th October, 1400, the day of the first quarter.
  Copernicus, 24th May, 1543, day of the last quarter.
  Luther, 18th February, 1546, three days after the full.
  Henry VIII., 28th January, 1547, the day of the first quarter.
  Calvin, 27th May, 1564, two days after the full.
  Cornaro, 26th April, 1566, day of the first quarter.
  Queen Elizabeth, 24th March, 1603, day of the last quarter.
  Shakspeare, 23rd April, 1616, day after the full.
  Camden, 2nd November, 1623, day before the new moon.
  Bacon, 9th April, 1626, one day after last quarter.
  Vandyke, 9th April, 1641, two days after full moon.
  Cardinal Richelieu, 4th December, 1642, three days before full moon.
  Doctor Harvey, 30th June, 1657, a few hours before the new moon.
  Oliver Cromwell, 3rd September, 1658, two days after full moon.
  Milton, 15th November, 1674, two days before the new moon.
  Sydenham, 29th December, 1689, two days before the full moon.
  Locke, 28th November, 1704, two days before the full moon.
  Queen Anne, 1st August, 1714, two days after the full moon.
  Louis XIV., 1st September, 1715, a few hours before the full moon.
  Marlborough, 16th June, 1722, two days before the full moon.
  Newton, 20th March, 1726, two days before the new moon.
  George I., 11th June, 1727, three days after new moon.
  George II., 25th October, 1760, one day after full moon.
  Sterne, 13th September, 1768, two days after new moon.
  Whitfield, 18th September, 1770, a few hours before the new moon.
  Swedenburg, 19th March, 1772, the day of the full moon.
  Linnæus, 10th January, 1778, two days before the full moon.
  The Earl of Chatham, 11th May, 1778, the day of the full moon.
  Rousseau, 2nd July, 1778, the day after the first quarter.
  Garrick, 20th January, 1779, three days after the new moon.
  Dr. Johnson, 14th December, 1784, two days after the new moon.
  Dr. Franklin, 17th April, 1790, three days after the new moon.
  Sir Joshua Reynolds, 23rd February, 1792, the day after the new moon.
  Lord Guildford, 5th August, 1722, three days after the full moon.
  Dr. Warren, 23rd June, 1797, a day before the new moon.
  Burke, 9th July, 1797, at the instant of the full moon.
  Macklin, 11th July, 1797, two days after full moon.
  Wilkes, 26th December, 1797, the day of the first quarter.
  Washington, 15th December, 1790, three days after full moon.
  Sir W. Hamilton, 6th April, 1803, a few hours before the full moon.

The doctor winds up this extract from the bills of mortality by the
following appropriate remark: "Here we see the moon, as she shines on
all alike, so she makes no distinction of persons in her influence:

  "----æquo pulsat pede pauperum tabernas,
  Regumque turres."


GLUTTONY OF THE MONKS.

King John, pointing to a fat deer said, "See how plump he is, and yet
he has never heard mass!" John might have alluded to the gluttony of
the monks, which was notorious in his days; for Giraldus Cambrensis
says, that from the monks of St. Swithin's, Winchester, Henry II.
received a formal complaint against the abbot for depriving his priests
of three out of thirteen dishes at every meal. The monks of Canterbury
exceeded those of St. Swithin; they had seventeen dishes every day, and
each of these cooked with spices and the most savoury and rich sauces.


ANCIENT BELL-SHRINE.

The annexed engraving represents one of the most valuable and curious
ecclesiastical relics of the early Christian Period that has ever been
discovered. It consists of a bronze bell-shrine and bell, found about
the year 1814, on the demolition of the ruined wall at Torrebhlaurn
farm, in the parish of Kilmichael-Glassrie, Argyleshire, and now one of
the most valued treasures in the Museum of the Scottish Antiquaries.

[Illustration [++] Bronze Bell-Shrine and Bell.]

That it must have been deposited in the wall where it was found,
for the purpose of concealment at a period of danger and alarm,
seems abundantly obvious; but of the occasion of this concealment no
tradition has been preserved. Within the beautiful case is a rude
iron bell, so greatly corroded that its original form can only be
imperfectly traced; yet this, and not the shrine, was obviously the
chief object of veneration, and may, indeed, be assumed, with much
probability, to be some centuries older than the ornamental case in
which it is preserved. Whether it shall be thought to have been an
ancient reliquary or a mass-bell, or whatever else may be conjectured
of its nature and use, it may fairly be presumed to have remained
in the neglected spot in which it was found since the subversion
of the Roman Catholic worship in the sixteenth century, when the
favoured objects of external adoration and reverence, under the
former superstition, came to be regarded with impatient contempt and
abhorrence.

It is deserving of attention that the figure of our crucified Saviour
in invested with a regal crown, and not with a crown of thorns, as
is usually the case. The brass chain or collar, of rude workmanship,
about three feet six inches long, now attached to the case, and the
extremities of which are connected with a small cross of the same
metal, was discovered at the same time, not far from the case.


EGYPTIAN GARDEN.

The diagram which accompanies this article is an Egyptian sketch of
an Egyptian garden; and it is expressly curious, both as an example
of the pictorial art of the period, and as giving us an idea of the
pleasure-gardens of Egypt in its most flourishing days.

[Illustration [++] Egyptian Garden.]

The garden here represented stood beside a canal of the Nile, with
an avenue of trees between it and the bank, on which side was the
entrance. It was surrounded by an embattled wall, through which a noble
gateway gave access to the garden. The central space was occupied by
the vineyard, surrounded by its own wall, in which the vines were
trained on trellises supported by slender pillars. At the further end
of the vineyard was a building of three storeys, the windows from which
opened over the luxurious foliage and purple clusters, regaling the
senses both of sight and smell. Four large tanks of water kept the
vegetation well supplied with nutritive moisture; and, with the smooth
and verdant turf which borders them, the water-fowl that sported over
the surface, and the lotus-flowers that sprang from their clear depths,
added a new beauty to the scene. Near the tanks stood summer-houses,
overlooking beds of various flowers, and sheltered from the sun by
surrounding trees. Two enclosed spaces between the tanks, being filled
with trees, were probably devoted to some species of particular rarity,
or remarkable for the excellence of their fruit. Rows of date trees and
Theban palms, alternating with other trees, bordered the whole garden,
and environed the vineyard wall.

The very numerous allusions to gardens in the Sacred Scriptures show
that the Hebrews inherited the same taste as the Egyptians. In these
allusions we find the same characteristics that are so observable in
those depicted on the monuments; such as the absolute necessity of
water, the custom of having pools in them, the advantage of a situation
by the side of a river, the practice of enclosing them from intrusion,
and appropriation of enclosures to particular productions.

With the early Egyptians the love of flowers seems to have been almost
a passion; they appear to have been in constant request in offerings to
the gods, and as ornaments of the person, as decorations of furniture;
as graceful additions to several entertainments, they occur at every
turn. Flowers were painted on walls, furniture, dresses, chairs, boxes,
boats, and, in short, on whatever was wished to be ornamental. Wreaths
and chaplets were likewise in common use among the Egyptians, and
artificial flowers were not uncommon.


STATE OF THE MIND DURING SLEEP.

The following is an instance of phantasms being produced by our
associations with bodily sensations, and tends to show how alive our
faculties continue during sleep to the highest impressions:--

The subject of this observation was an officer in the expedition to
Louisburg in 1758, who had this peculiarity in so remarkable a degree,
that his companions in the transport were in the constant habit of
amusing themselves at his expense. They could produce in him any kind
of dream by whispering in his ear, especially if this was done by a
friend with whose voice he had become familiar. One time they conducted
him through the whole progress of a trial, which ended in a duel; and
when the parties were supposed to have met, a pistol was put into
his hand, which he fired, and was awakened by the report. On another
occasion they found him asleep on the top of a locker in the cabin,
when they made him believe he had fallen overboard, and exhorted him to
save himself by swimming. They then told him that a shark was pursuing
him, and entreated him to dive for his life. He instantly did so, and
with so much force as to throw himself from the locker upon the cabin
floor, by which he was much bruised, and awakened of course. After
the landing of the army at Louisburg, his friends found him one day
asleep in his tent, and evidently annoyed by the cannonading. They
then made him believe that he was engaged, when he expressed great
fear, and showed an evident disposition to run away. Against this they
remonstrated, but at the same increased his fears by imitating the
groans of the wounded and the dying; and when he asked, as he often
did, who was hit, they named his particular friends. At last they
told him that the man next himself in his company had fallen, when he
instantly sprung from his bed, rushed out of the tent, and was only
roused from his danger and his dream by falling over the tent-ropes. A
remarkable thing in this case was, that after these experiments he had
no distinct recollection of his dreams, but only a confused feeling of
oppression or fatigue, and used to tell his friends that he was sure
they had been playing some trick upon him. It has been observed that
we seldom feel courageous or daring in our dreams, and generally avoid
danger when menaced by a foe, or exposed to any probable peril.


MUSIC OF THE SEA.

The mysterious music that is heard in the bay at West Pascagoula,
is described by those who have listened to it as being singularly
beautiful. "It has, for a long time," says Mrs. Child, an American
authoress, "been one of the greatest wonders of the south-west.
Multitudes have heard it, rising, as it were, from the water, like the
drone of a bagpipe, then floating away, away, away, in the distance,
soft, plaintive, and fairy-like, as if Æolian harps sounded with richer
melody through the liquid element; but none have been able to account
for the beautiful phenomenon. There are several legends touching these
mysterious sounds; but in these days few things are allowed to remain
mysterious." These strange sounds, which thus assume the beauty and
the harmony of regular music, are stated to proceed from the cat-fish.
A correspondent of the _Baltimore Republican_ thus explains the
phenomenon:--"During several of my voyages on the Spanish main, in the
neighbourhood of Paraguay and San Juan de Nicaragua, from the nature of
the coast, we were compelled to anchor at a considerable distance from
the shore; and every evening, from dark to late night, our ears were
delighted with Æolian music, that could be heard beneath the counter of
our schooner. At first I thought it was the sea-breeze sweeping through
the strings of my violin (the bridge of which I had inadvertently left
standing); but after examination I found it was not so. I then placed
my ear on the rail of the vessel, when I was continually charmed with
the most heavenly strains that ever fell upon my ear. They did not
sound as close to us, but were sweet, mellow, and aerial, like the soft
breathings of a thousand lutes, touched by fingers of the deep sea
nymphs, at an immense distance. Although I have considerable "music in
my soul," one night I became tired, and determined to fish. My luck,
in half-an-hour, was astonishing. I had half filled my bucket with
the finest white cat-fish I ever saw; and it being late, and the cook
asleep, and the moon shining, I filled my bucket with water, and took
fish and all into my cabin for the night. I had not yet fallen asleep,
when the same sweet notes fell upon my ear; and, getting up, what
was my surprise to find my cat-fish discoursing sweet sounds to the
sides of my bucket! I examined them closely, and discovered that there
was attached to each lower lip an excrescence, divided by soft wiry
fibres. By the pressure of the upper lip thereon, and by the exhalation
and discharge of breath, a vibration was created, similar to that
produced by the breath on the tongue of the Jews' harp."


THE ROCK OF CASHEL.

Any work which professed to be a record of what is rare and curious,
would surely be incomplete if it did not contain an account of the
celebrated Rock of Cashel; for the venerable buildings which crown
its summit are, from their number, variety, preservation, and site,
decidedly the most interesting ruins in the Emerald Isle, and, to
use the words of Sir Walter Scott, "such as Ireland may be proud
of." Cashel, which is distant about one hundred miles from Dublin,
appears to be a place of high antiquity, and was long the residence
of the kings of Munster; but as its early history is involved in much
obscurity, it is uncertain at what period it became a diocesan site. It
is stated that previous to the year 1101 the buildings on the Rock were
occupied as a royal residence, and that in that year the hitherto royal
seat was dedicated solely to ecclesiastical uses.

[Illustration [++] Rock of Cashel.]

The buildings consist of a round tower, Cormack's chapel, cathedral,
castle and monastery; the latter is a few yards detached, and the least
remarkable of the number; all the former are closely connected. The
Round Tower, the date and uses of which are in common with those of all
other similar structures involved in much obscurity, raises its tall
and yet scarce dilapidated head far above its younger and more decaying
companions. It is fifty-six feet in circumference, and ninety feet
in height. Cormack's Chapel, which, with the exception of the Round
Tower, is the most ancient structure of the group, was built by Cormack
M'Carthy, king of Munster, in 1136. It is roofed with stone, and in its
capitals, arches, and other features and details, the Norman style is
distinctly marked. The numerous ornaments, grotesque heads, and other
curious sculptures, which adorn the arches, columns, and pilasters,
are all in uniformity of style. The building altogether is a perfect
gem, and the architectural antiquary and the artist will find in it
a most valuable addition to their studies. The cathedral is a noble
remnant of what is usually termed the pointed Gothic, and contains many
interesting relics.

The rock, which is here presented as it appears from the plain below,
has the buildings we have just mentioned on its very summit; it rises
abruptly from a widely extended fertile country, to a considerable
height above the town, and from many parts at a distance it forms a
very striking object. On the top of the rock, and around the ruins,
an area of about three acres has been enclosed, which is open to the
public.


INSTANCE OF INCREMATION.

Last night (26th September, 1769), say the chronicles of the day, the
will of Mrs. Pratt, a widow lady, who lately died at her house in
George Street, Hanover Square, was punctually fulfilled, by the burning
of her body to ashes in her grave, in the new burying-ground adjoining
to Tyburn turnpike.


THE HAWTHORNDEN SWORD.

The great antiquity of the Scottish claymore is proved by its being
figured in the sculptures both of Iona and Oronsay, with considerable
variety of details. In some the blade is highly ornamented, and the
handle varies in form, but all present the same characteristic, having
the guards bent back towards the blade. A curious variety of this
peculiar form is seen in a fine large two-handed sword preserved at
Hawthornden, the celebrated castle of the Drummonds, where the Scottish
poet entertained Ben Johnson during his visit to Scotland in 1619. It
is traditionally affirmed to have been the weapon of Robert Bruce,
though little importance can be attached to a reputation which it
shares with one-half the large two-handed swords still preserved. Our
engraving is a correct representation of it.

[Illustration [++] Hawthornden Sword.]

The handle appears to be made from the tusk of the narwhal, and it
has four reverse guards, as shown in the cut. The object aimed at by
this form of guard, doubtless, was to prevent the antagonist's sword
glancing off, and inflicting a wound ere he recovered his weapon, and,
in the last example especially, it seems peculiarly well adapted for
the purpose.


INSTINCT IN A CAT.

The following anecdote almost places the cat on a level with the
dog:--"A physician of Lyons was requested to inquire into a murder
that had been committed on a woman of that city. In consequence of
this request he went to the habitation of the deceased, where he
found her extended lifeless on the floor, weltering in her blood. A
large white cat was mounted on the cornice of a cupboard, at the far
end of the apartment, where he seemed to have taken refuge. He sat
motionless, with his eyes fixed on the corpse, and his attitude and
looks expressing horror and affright. The following morning he was
found in the same station and attitude, and when the room was filled
with officers of justice, neither the clattering of the soldiers' arms,
nor the loud conversation of the company, could in the least degree
divert his attention. As soon, however, as the suspected persons were
brought in, his eyes glared with increased fury, his hair bristled, he
darted into the middle of the apartment, where he stopped for a moment
to gaze at them, and then precipitately retreated under the bed. The
countenances of the assassins were disconcerted, and they were now, for
the first time, abandoned by their atrocious audacity."


A TRANCE.

Mrs. Godfrey, sister to the Duke of Marlborough, had nearly been
buried alive; the physicians all declaring that the breath of life was
irrecoverably gone. Her husband, Colonel Godfrey, had, however, the
pleasure to see her revive, seven days after (that day week, and same
hour), and what is more, she never knew till the day of her death the
length of her trance, or sleep.


THE NUMBER SEVEN.

The number is composed of the first two perfect numbers, equal and
unequal, 3 and 4; for the number 2, consisting of repeated unity, which
is no number, is not perfect, it comprehends the primary numerical
triangle or trine, and square or quartile conjunction, considered by
the favourers of planetary influence as of the most benign aspect.
In six days creation was completed, and the 7th was consecrated to
rest. On the 7th day of the 7th month, a holy observance was ordained
to the children of Israel, who feasted 7 days, and remained 7 days
in tents; the 7th year was directed to be a Sabbath of rest for all
things; and at the end of 7 times 7 years commenced the grand jubilee.
Every 7th year the land lay fallow; every 7th year there was a general
release from all debts, and all bondmen were set free. From this law
may have originated the custom of our binding young men to 7 years'
apprenticeship, and punishing incorrigible offenders by transportation
for 7, twice 7, and three times 7, years. Every 7 years the law was
to be read to the people. Jacob served 7 years for the possession of
Rachael; and also other 7. Noah had 7 days' warning of the flood, and
was commanded to take the fowls of the air in by 7, and the clean
beasts by 7. The ark touched ground on the 7th month; and in 7 days the
dove was sent out, and again in 7 days after. The 7 years of plenty,
and 7 years of famine were foretold in Pharaoh's dream by 7 fat and 7
lean beasts, and the 7 full and 7 blasted ears of corn. Nebuchadnezzar
was 7 years a beast; and the fiery furnace was 7 times hotter to
receive Shadrach, &c. A man defiled was, by the Mosaic law, unclean 7
days; the young of both animals was to remain with the dam 7 days, and
at the end of the 7th was to be taken away. By the old law, man was
commanded to forgive his offending brother 7 times; but the meekness
of the revealed law extended his humility to 70 times 7: if Cain shall
be avenged 7 times, truly Lamech 70 times 7. In the destruction of
Jericho, 7 priests bore 7 trumpets 7 days; on the 7th they surrounded
the wall 7 times; after the 7th, the walls fell. Balaam prepared 7
years for a sacrifice; and 7 of Saul's sons were hanged to stay a
famine. Laban pursued Jacob 7 days' journey. Job's friends sat 7 days
and 7 nights, and offered 7 bullocks and 7 rams, as an atonement for
their wickedness. In the 7th year of his reign, King Ahazuerus feasted
7 days, and on the 7th deputed his 7 chamberlains to find a queen,
who was allowed 7 maidens to attend her. Miriam was cleansed of her
leprosy by being shut up 7 days. Solomon was 7 years in building the
Temple, at the dedication of which he feasted 7 days; in the Temple
were 7 lamps; 7 days were appointed for an atonement upon the altar,
and the priest's son was ordained to wear his father's garments 7
days. The children of Israel eat unleavened bread 7 days. Abraham gave
7 ewe-lambs to Abimelech, as a memorial for a well. Joseph mourned 7
days for Jacob. Naaman was cleansed of his leprosy by bathing 7 times
in Jordan. The Rabbins say that God employed the power of this number
to perfect the greatness Of Samuel, his name answering the value of
the letters in the Hebrew word, which signifies 7; whence Hannah his
mother, in her thanksgiving, says, the barren hath brought forth 7. In
Scripture are enumerated 7 resurrections: the widow's son, by Elias;
the Shunamite's son, by Elisha; the soldier who touched the bones of
the prophet; the daughter of the ruler of the synagogue; the widow's
son of Nain; Lazarus, and our Lord. The apostles chose 7 deacons.
Enoch, who was translated, was the 7th from Adam; and Jesus Christ was
the 77th in a direct line. Our Lord spoke 7 times on the cross, on
which he was 7 hours; he appeared 7 times; and after 7 times 7 days
sent the Holy Ghost. In the Lord's prayer are 7 petitions, contained in
7 times 7 words, omitting those of mere grammatical connexion; within
this number are concealed all the mysteries of apocalypse revealed
to the 7 churches of Asia. There appeared seven golden candlesticks
and 7 stars in the hand of him that was in the midst; 7 lambs before
the 7 spirits of God; the book with 7 seals; the lamb with 7 horns
and 7 eyes; 7 angels with 7 trumpets; 7 kings; 7 thunders; 7,000 men
slain. The dragon with 7 heads and 7 crowns; and the beast with 7
heads; 7 angels bearing 7 plagues, and 7 vials of wrath. The vision of
Daniel was of 70 weeks and the elders of Israel were 70. There were
also 7 heavens, 7 planets (query), 7 stars, 7 wise men, 7 champions
of Christendom, 7 notes in music, 7 primary colours, 7 deadly sins,
and 7 sacraments in the Catholic church. The 7th son was considered
as endowed with pre-eminent wisdom; and the 7th son of a 7th son is
still thought to possess the power of healing diseases spontaneously.
Perfection is likened to gold 7 times purified in the fire; and we
yet say you frightened me out of my 7 senses. The opposite sides of a
dice make 7, whence the players at hazard make 7 the main. Hippocrates
says the septenary number, by its occult virtues, tends to the
accomplishment of all things, to be the dispense of life, and fountain
of all its changes; and, like Shakespeare, he divided the life of man
into 7 ages; for as the moon changes her phases every seven days,
this number influences all sublunary beings. The teeth spring out on
the 7th month, and are shed and renewed in the 7th year, when infancy
is changed into childhood; at twice 7 years puberty begins; at three
times 7 the faculties are developed, and manhood commences, and we are
become legally competent to all civil acts; at four times 7 man is in
full possession of all his strength; at five times 7 he is fit for the
business of the world; at six times 7 he becomes grave and wise, or
never: at 7 times 7 he is in his apogee, and from that time decays;
at eight times 7 he is in his first climacterick; at nine times 7, or
63, he is in his last or grand climacterick, or year of danger; and
ten times 7, or three score and ten, has, by the royal prophet, been
pronounced the natural period of human life.


SUPERSTITIOUS LEGEND.

We are told that when St. Helena, of pious memory, had discovered the
true Cross of Christ, she permitted various fragments to be taken from
it, which were encased, some in gold, and some in gems, and conveyed to
Europe, leaving the principal or main part of the wood in the charge
of the Bishop of Jerusalem, who exhibited it annually at Easter, until
Chosroes, king of Persia, plundered Jerusalem in the reign of the
emperor Phocas, and took away this holy relic.

Before this fatal event we are taught to believe, by Rigordus, an
historian of the thirteenth century, that the mouths of Christians used
to be supplied with 30, or in some instances, no doubt according to
their faith, with 32 teeth; but that _after_ the Cross was stolen by
the infidels no mortal has ever been allowed more than 23!


ORÆFA MOUNTAIN IN ICELAND.

This mountain, which is the loftiest in Iceland, has been rendered
celebrated by an eruption which took place about a century ago. Nothing
can be more striking than the account given of this calamity by the
aged minister of the parish. He was in the midst of his service on
the Sabbath, when the agitation of the earth gave warning that some
alarming event was to follow. Rushing from the church, he saw a peak of
the neighbouring mountain alternately heaved up and sinking; till at
last, the stone, of which this portion of the mountain was composed,
ran down in a melted state into the plain, like melted metal from a
crucible, filling it to such a height, that no more of the mountain,
which formerly towered to such a height, remains, than about the size
of a bird; volumes of water being in the meantime thrown forth in a
deluge from the crater, and sweeping away whatever they encountered in
their course. The Oræfa then broke forth, hurling large masses of ice
to a great distance; fire burst out in every direction from its side;
the sky was darkened by the smoke and ashes, so that the day could
hardly be distinguished from the night. This scene of horror continued
for more than three days, during which the whole region was converted
into utter desolation.


THE SETON SWORD.

[Illustration [++] Seton Sword.]

The two-handed sword, which was introduced later than the claymore,
though still so familiar to us, is perhaps the most interesting, in an
archaeological point of view, of all the military relics pertaining
to the Medieval Period. The huge, ponderous, and unwieldy weapon,
seems the fittest emblem that could be devised, of the rude baron of
the thirteenth century, who lived by "the good old rule" of physical
force, and whose hardy virtues, not unsuited to an illiterate age--are
strangely mistaken for a chivalry such as later ages have not seen.
Calmly reasoning from this characteristic heirloom, we detect in it the
evidence of just such hardy, skilless, overbearing power, as history
informs us was the character of the medieval baron, before the rise of
the burgher class readjusted the social balance by the preponderance
of rival interests. The weapon figured here is a remarkably fine and
unusually large specimen of the old Scottish two-handed sword, now in
the possession of George Seton, Esq., representative of the Setons of
Cariston. It measures forty-nine inches in the blade, five feet nine
inches in entire length, and weighs seven and a half pounds. But the
chief interest of this old relic arises from the well-authenticated
family traditions which associate it with the memory of its first
knightly owner, Sir Christopher Seton of that Ilk, from whom some of
the oldest scions of the Scottish peerage have been proud to trace
their descent. He was married to Christian, sister of King Robert
the Bruce, whom he bravely defended at the battle of Methven. He was
shortly after taken prisoner by Edward I., and basely hanged as a
traitor.


STYLE OF LIVING IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

The most perfect notion of the living and domestic arrangements of
the old English nobility and gentry will be found in the entries of
what were called the Household Books of the times. One of the most
celebrated of these records is the _Northumberland Household Book_,
being the regulations of the establishment of the fifth earl of
Northumberland, at his castles of Wrenill and Lekinfield, in Yorkshire,
begun in 1512. No baron's family was on a nobler or more splendid
footing. It consisted of one hundred and sixty-six persons, masters
and servants; fifty-seven strangers were reckoned upon every day; on
the whole two hundred and twenty-three. During winter they fed mostly
on salt meat and salt fish; and with that view there was a provision of
one hundred and sixty gallons of mustard per year; so that there cannot
be any thing more erroneous than the magnificent ideas formed of "the
roast beef of _Old_ England." On flesh days, (that is, when meat was
not forbidden by the Catholic religion), through the year, breakfast
for my lord and lady was a loaf of bread, two manchets, a quart of
beer, a quart of wine, half a chine of mutton, or a chine of beef
boiled. On meagre days (or when meat was forbidden), a loaf of bread,
two manchets, a quart of beer, a quart of wine, a dish of butter, a
piece of salt fish, or a dish of buttered eggs. During Lent, a loaf
of bread, two manchets, a quart of beer, a quart of wine, two pieces
of salt fish, six baconed herrings, four white herrings, or a dish of
sprats. There was as little variety in other meals, except on festival
days; and this way of living was, at the time, high luxury. There were
but two cooks to dress victuals for two hundred persons; and fowls,
pigeons, plovers, and partridges were prohibited as delicacies, except
at my lord's table. The table-cloth was washed about once a month; no
sheets were used; and only forty shillings were allowed for washing
throughout the year. The family rose at six in the morning, dined at
ten, and supped at four in the afternoon; and the castle gates were
shut at nine. Mass was said in the chapel at six o'clock, that all the
servants might rise early. The earl passed the year at three country
seats, but he had furniture only for one: he carried every thing along
with him, beds, tables, chairs, kitchen utensils; and seventeen carts
and one waggon conveyed the whole: one cart sufficed for all his
kitchen utensils, cooks' beds, &c. There were in the establishment
eleven priests, besides seventeen persons, chanters, musicians, &c.,
belonging to the chapel. No mention is made of plate, but only of the
hiring of pewter vessels. Wine was allowed in abundance for the lord's
table, but the beer for the hall was poor indeed, only a quarter of
malt being allowed for two hogsheads. The servants seem all to have
bought their own clothes from their wages. Every thing in the household
was done by order, with the pomp of proclamation; and laughable as it
may now seem, an order was issued for the right making of mustard,
beginning "It seemeth good to us and our council."


ANECDOTE OF A TERRIER.

A terrier, known to Professor Owen, was taught to play at hide and seek
with his master, who summoned him, by saying "Let us have a game;" upon
which the dog immediately hid his eyes between his paws, in the most
honourable manner, and when the gentleman had placed a sixpence, or a
piece of cake in a most improbable place, he started up and invariably
found it. His powers were equalled by what was called a fox-terrier,
named Fop, who would hide his eyes, and suffer those at play with
him to conceal themselves before he looked up. If his play-fellow
hid himself behind a window-curtain, Fop would, for a certain time,
carefully pass that curtain, and look behind all the others, behind
doors, etc., and when he thought he had looked long enough, seize the
concealing curtain and drag it aside in triumph. The drollest thing,
however, was to see him take his turn of hiding; he would get under a
chair, and fancy that he was not seen; of course, those at play with
him pretended not to see him, and it was most amusing to witness his
agitation as they passed. When he was ill he had been cured by some
homoeopathic globules, and ever after, if anything were the matter with
him, he would stand near the medicine box, and hold his mouth open.


CUTTING A WIFE OFF WITH A SHILLING.

In the year 1772, died at Lambeth, J---- G----e, Esq. In his will was
found the following remarkable clause:--"Whereas, it was my misfortune
to be made very uneasy by Elizabeth G----, my wife, for many years,
from our marriage, by her turbulent behaviour; for she was not content
with despising my admonitions, but she contrived every method to make
me unhappy; she was so perverse in her nature, that she would not
be reclaimed, but seemed only to be born to be a plague to me; the
strength of Sampson, the knowledge of Homer, the prudence of Augustus,
the cunning of Pyrrhus, the patience of Job, the subtlety of Hannibal,
and the watchfulness of Hermogenes, could not have been sufficient to
subdue her; for no skill or force in the world would make her good;
and, as we have lived several years separate, and apart from each other
eight years, and she having perverted her son to leave and totally
abandon me; therefore I give her one shilling only."


WEALTH OF THE JEWS.

About the year 1707, the Jews offered Lord Godolphin, Minister of Queen
Anne, to pay £500,000, (and they would have made it a million,) if the
government would allow them to purchase the town of Brentford, with
leave of settling there entirely, with full privileges of trade, &c.
Lord Godolphin did not comply with the request, and a curious reason
is assigned by Dean Lockier, because it would provoke two of the most
powerful bodies in the nation, the clergy and the merchants. The Jews
had better success with Oliver Cromwell: they offered him £60,000 to
have a synagogue in London. He took the money, and they had their
temple.


GAMBLING EXTRAORDINARY.

The following instance of frantic or drunken gambling appeared in the
_Times_ of April 17, 1812:--

"On Wednesday evening an extraordinary investigation took place at
Bow Street. Croker, the officer, was passing the Hampstead Road; he
observed at a short distance before him two men on a wall, and directly
after saw the tallest of them, a stout man about six feet high,
hanging by his neck from a lamp-post, attached to the wall, being that
instant tied up and turned off by the short man. This unexpected and
extraordinary sight astonished the officer; he made up to the spot with
all speed, and just after he arrived there, the tall man who had been
hanged, fell to the ground, the handkerchief with which he had been
suspended having given way. Croker produced his staff, said he was
an officer, and demanded to know of the other man the cause of such
conduct; in the mean time the man who had been hanged recovered, got
up, and on Croker interfering, gave him a violent blow on the nose,
which nearly knocked him backward. The short man was endeavouring to
make off; however, the officer procured assistance, and both were
brought to the office, when the account they gave was, that they worked
on canals. They had been together on Wednesday afternoon, tossed up
for money, and afterwards for their clothes, the tall man who was
hanged won the other's jacket, trowsers and shoes; they then tossed
up which should hang the other, and the short one won the toss. They
got upon the wall, the one to submit, and the other to hang him on
the lamp-iron. They both agreed in this statement. The tall one who
had been hanged said, if he won the toss, he would have hanged the
other. He said, he then felt the effects on his neck at the time he
was hanging, and his eyes was so much swelled that he saw double. The
magistrates expressed their horror and disgust, and ordered the man who
had been hanged to find bail for the violent and unjustifiable assault
upon the officer, and the short one for hanging the other. Not having
bail, they were committed to Bridewell for trial."


OLD BOOKS.

The Pentateuch and the history of Job are the most ancient books in
the world; and in profane literature the works of Homer and Hesiod.
The first book known to have been written in our own vernacular was
"The Confessions of Richard, Earl of Cambridge," _temp._ 1415; and the
earliest English ballad is supposed to be the "Cuckoo Song," which
commences in the following style:--

    "Sumer is icumen in
     Lhudé sing cuccu,
     Groweth sed, and bloweth med,
     And springth ye wedé nu:
         Singe cuccu."


FOSSIL REPTILE; THE PTERODACTYLUS.

The pterodactylus was a flying animal. It had the wings of a bat, and
the structure of a reptile; jaws with sharp teeth, and claws with long
hooked nails. The power which it had of flying was not by means of its
ribs, nor by wings without fingers, as in birds, but by wings supported
by one very elongated toe, the others being short and furnished with
claws. The remains of this animal were brought under examination by M.
Collini, director of the Museum of the Elector Palatine at Manheim.
There was at first some discussion as to the actual character of the
animal. M. Blumenbach supposed it to be a bird, and M. de Soemmering
classed it among the bats. M. Cuvier, however, maintained that it was
a reptile, and showed that all its bones, from the teeth to the claws,
possessed the characters which distinguish that class of animals. But
still it differed from all other reptiles in possessing the capability
of flying. It is probable that it could at pleasure fold up its wings
in the same manner as birds, and might suspend itself on branches
of trees by its fore toes, though it possessed the power of sitting
upright on its hind feet. This is the most anomalous of all the fossil
reptiles.


TIGER CAVE AT CUTTACK.

The geographical distribution of the rock-cut caves of the Buddhists in
India is somewhat singular, more than nine-tenths of those now known
being found within the limits of the Bengal Presidency. The remainder
consist of two groups, those of Behar and Cuttack, neither of which
are important in extent, in Bengal; one only, that of Mahavellipore,
in Madras; and two or three not very important groups which have been
traced in Afghanistan and the Punjaub.

One of the most remarkable of these caves is that at Cuttack, which is
called the Tiger cave--being in fact a large mass of rock, carved into
a form intended to represent the head of that animal, whose extended
jaws form the verandah leading into a small apartment excavated in the
interior of the skull: our engraving is a correct representation of it.

[Illustration [++] Tiger Cave at Cuttack.]

Generally speaking, these single cells have a porch of two pillars
to protect the doorway, which leads into a small room, 10 or 12 ft.
square, constituting the whole cave. Buildings on precisely the same
plan are still very common in India, except that now, instead of being
the abode of a hermit, the cell is occupied by an image of some god or
other, and is surmounted by a low dome, or pyramidal spire, converting
it into a temple of some pretensions. The lower part, however, of these
small temples is very similar to the rock-cut hermitages of which we
are speaking.


THE JEWS IN ENGLAND.

William the Conqueror permitted great numbers of Jews to come over from
Rouen, and to settle in England in the last year of his reign. Their
number soon increased, and they spread themselves throughout most of
the cities and capital towns in England where they built synagogues.
There were fifteen hundred at York about the year 1189. At Bury, in
Suffolk, is a very complete remain of a Jewish synagogue of stone in
the Norman style, large and magnificent. Hence it was that many of the
learned English ecclesiastics of those times became acquainted with
their books and their language. In the reign of William Rufus, the Jews
were remarkably numerous at Oxford, and had acquired considerable
property; and some of their Rabbis were permitted to open a school
in the university, where they instructed not only their own people,
but many Christian students in Hebrew literature, about the year
1094. Within 200 years after their admission or establishment by the
Conqueror, they were banished from the kingdom. This circumstance was
highly favourable to the circulation of their learning in England. The
suddenness of their dismission obliged them for present subsistence,
and other reasons, to sell their moveable goods of all kinds, among
which were large quantities of all Rabbinical books. The monks
in various parts availed themselves of the distribution of these
treasures. At Huntingdon and Stamford there was a prodigious sale of
their effects, containing immense stores of Hebrew manuscripts, which
were immediately purchased by Gregory of Huntingdon, Prior of the abbey
of Ramsey. Gregory speedily became an adept in the Hebrew, by means
of these valuable acquisitions, which he bequeathed to his monastery
about the year 1250. Other members of the same convent, in consequence
of these advantages, are said to have been equal proficients in the
same language, soon after the death of Prior Gregory, among whom were
Robert Dodford, Librarian of Ramsey, and Laurence Holbech, who compiled
a Hebrew Lexicon. At Oxford a great number of their books fell into the
hands of Roger Bacon, or were bought by his brethren the Franciscan
friars of that university.


GAME PRESERVES AT CHANTILLY.

The establishment at Chantilly, which formerly belonged to the great
family of Condé, included 21 miles of park, and 48 miles of forest. The
horses, when the family were at that place, were above 500. The dogs,
60 to 80 couple: the servants, above 500. The stables the finest and
best in Europe. We shall now present to the sporting and un-sporting
reader, for both will lift up their eyes, a list of game killed, year
by year, through a series of thirty-two years--beginning with the year
1748, ending with the year 1779:--

  _List of the Game._
      54,878          24,029          37,209          19,932
      37,160          27,013          42,902          27,164
      58,712          26,405          31,620          30,429
      39,892          33,055          25,994          30,859
      32,470          50,812          18,479          25,813
      39,893          40,234          18,550          50,666
      32,470          26,267          26,371          13,304
      16,186          25,953          19,774          17,566

Now let us give (of birds and beasts) their bill of mortality; that
is the numbers, in detail, of each specific description, registered
as below, and detailed to have been killed at Chantilly, in the
above-mentioned series of years. Hares, 77,750; rabbits, 587,470;
partridges, 117,574; red ditto, 12,426; pheasants, 86,193; quails,
19,696; rattles (the male quail), 449; woodcocks, 2,164; snipes, 2,856;
ducks, 1,353; wood-piquers, 317; lapwings, 720; becfique (small birds
like our wheatear), 67; curlews, 32; oyes d'Egypte, 3; oyes sauvage,
14; bustards, 2; larks, 106; tudells, 2; fox, 1; crapeaux, 8; thrushes,
1,313; guynard, 4; stags, 1,712; hinds, 1,682; facons, 519; does,
1,921; young does, 135; roebucks, 4,669; young ditto, 810; wild boars,
1,942; marcassins (young boars), 818. A magnificent list of animal
slaughter, carefully and systematically recorded as achievements.


BRITISH PEARLS.

The river Conway, in North Wales, was of considerable importance,
even before the Roman invasion, for the pearl mussel (the _Mya
Margaritifera_ of Linnæus) and Suetonius acknowledged that one of his
inducements for undertaking the subjugation of Wales was the pearl
fishery carried forward in that river. According to Pliny, the mussels,
called by the natives _Kregindilin_, were sought for with avidity by
the Romans, and the pearls found within them were highly valued; in
proof of which it is asserted that Julius Cæsar dedicated a breastplate
set with British pearls to Venus Genetrix, and placed it in her temple
at Rome. A fine specimen from the Conway is said to have been presented
to Catherine, consort of Charles II., by Sir Richard Wynne, of Gwydir;
and it is further said that it has since contributed to adorn the regal
crown of England. Lady Newborough possessed a good collection of the
Conway pearls, which she purchased of those who were fortunate enough
to find them, as there is no regular fishery at present. The late Sir
Robert Vaughan had obtained a sufficient number to appear at Court with
a button and loop to his hat, formed of these beautiful productions,
about the year 1780.


FUNERAL ORATION OF FRANCIS THE FIRST.

Pierre Duchatel, in a funeral oration on the death of Francis I.,
published 1547, took upon himself to affirm, that the soul of the king
had gone _direct to Paradise_. This passing over of purgatory gave
offence to the doctors of the Sorbonne, who sent a deputation to warn
him of his error. The prelate being absent, one of his friends received
them, and, in reply, gaily said--"Be not uneasy, gentlemen, every one
knows that the late king, my master, never stopped long in any one
place, however agreeable. Supposing, then, that he went to purgatory,
be assured that his stay would be very short." This pleasantry disarmed
the severity of the doctors, and the affair went no farther.


GRAVES OF THE STONE PERIOD.

Stone Chambers, which once formed places of interment, are frequently
discovered within large barrows of earth raised by the hands of man.
They are to be referred to the period of the Danish Invasion, which
is generally termed among antiquaries the "Stone Period," because the
use of metals was then in a great measure unknown; and while a few are
to be found in Great Britain, there are many more of them in Denmark.
These tombs, which are covered with earth, have most probably contained
the remains of the powerful and the rich. They are almost all provided
with long entrances, which lead from the exterior of the mound of
earth to the east or south side of the chambers. The entrances, like
the chambers, are formed of large stones, smooth on the side which
is turned inwards, on which very large roof-stones are placed. The
chambers, and even the entrances, which are from sixteen to twenty
feet in length, are filled with trodden earth and pebbles, the object
of which, doubtless, was to protect the repose of the dead in their
graves, and the contents which are found in them consist of unburnt
human skeletons (which were occasionally placed on a pavement of flat
or round stones), together with implements and weapons, and tools of
flint or bone, ornaments, pieces of amber, and urns of clay. In some
cases smaller chambers have been discovered, annexed to one side of the
passage which leads to the larger chamber, and one of these smaller
chambers we have engraved as a specimen of the sort of tombs we are now
describing.

[Illustration [++] Stone Chamber in a Barrow.]

The above sketch represents a chamber which was discovered in a barrow,
situated near Paradis, in the parish of the Vale, in the island of
Guernsey. On digging into the mound, a large flat stone was soon
discovered; this formed the top, or cap-stone, of the tomb, and on
removing it, the upper part of two human skulls were exposed to view.
One was facing the north, the other the south, but both disposed
in a line from east to west. The chamber was filled up with earth
mixed with limpet-shells, and as it was gradually removed, while the
examination was proceeding downwards into the interior, the bones
of the extremities became exposed to view, and were seen to greater
advantage. They were less decomposed than those of the upper part;
and the teeth and jaws, which were well preserved, denoted that they
were the skeletons of adults, and not of old men. The reason why the
skeletons were found in this extraordinary position it is impossible to
determine. Probably the persons who were thus interred were prisoners,
slaves, or other subordinates, who were slain--perhaps buried alive--on
occasion of the funeral of some great or renowned personage, who was
placed in the larger chamber at the end of the passage; and this view
of the case is considerably strengthened by the fact that the total
absence of arms, weapons, or vases, in the smaller chamber, denotes
that the quality of the persons within it was of less dignity or
estimation.


WAR CHARIOT OF ANCIENT EGYPT.

This chariot, which is mentioned in various parts of Scripture, and
more especially in the description of the pursuit of the Israelites
by Pharaoh, and of his overthrow in the Red Sea, was a very light
structure, consisting of a wooden framework strengthened and adorned
with metal, and leather binding, answering to the descriptions which
Homer has given of those engaged in the Trojan war.

[Illustration [++] War Chariot.]

The sides were partly, and the back wholly open; and it was so low that
a man could easily step into it from behind; for there was no seat, the
rider always standing in war or hunting, though when wearied he might
occasionally sit on the sides, or squat, in eastern fashion, on his
heels. The body of the car was not hung on the axle _in equilibrio_,
but considerably forward, so that the weight was thrown more upon the
horses. Its lightness, however, would prevent this from being very
fatiguing to them, and this mode of placing it had the advantage of
rendering the motion more easy to the driver. To contribute further
to this end, the bottom or floor consisted of a network of interlaced
thongs, the elasticity of which in some measure answered the purpose of
modern springs.

The Egyptian chariots were invariably drawn by two horses abreast,
which were richly caparisoned; it is, perhaps, to the extreme elegance
and magnificence of their trappings, no less than to their own beauty,
that allusion is made in the Song of Songs (1-9), where the royal
bridegroom addresses his spouse thus: "I have compared thee, O my love,
to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots." The chariot of Egypt
ordinarily carried two persons, one of whom acted as the warrior,
the other as the charioteer. Occasionally we find three persons in
a chariot, as when two princes of the blood, each bearing the royal
sceptre, or flabellum, accompanying the king in a state procession,
requiring a charioteer to manage the reins.


PEACOCKS.

India, says Mr. Pennant, gave us peacocks, and we are assured by Knox,
in his "History of Ceylon," that they are still found in the wild
state, in vast flocks, in that island and in Java. So beautiful a bird
could not be permitted to be a stranger in the more distant parts; for
so early as the days of Solomon (1 Kings, x. 22) we find among the
articles imported in his Tarshish navies, apes and peacocks. A monarch
so conversant in all branches of natural history, would certainly not
neglect furnishing his officers with instructions for collecting every
curiosity in the country to which they made voyages, which gave him
a knowledge that distinguished him from all the princes of his time.
Ælian relates that they were brought into Greece from some barbarous
country, and that they were held in such high estimation that a male
and female were valued at Athens at 1,000 _drachmæ_, or £32 5s. 10d.
Their next step might be to Samos, where they were preserved about the
temple of Juno, being the birds sacred to that goddess; and Gellius, in
his "_Noctes Atticæ_" commends the excellency of the Samian peacocks.
It is, therefore probable that they were brought there originally for
the purposes of superstition, and afterwards cultivated for the uses of
luxury. We are also told, when Alexander was in India, he found vast
numbers of wild ones on the banks of the Hyarotis, and was so struck
with their beauty as to appoint a severe punishment on any person that
killed them.

Peacocks' crests, in ancient times, were among the ornaments of the
kings of England. Ernald de Aclent (Acland) paid a fine to King John
in a hundred and forty palfries, with sackbuts, _lorains_, gilt spurs,
and peacocks' crests, such as would be for his credit.--Some of our
regiments of cavalry bear on their helmets, at present, the figure of a
peacock.


ROMAN THEATRE AT ORANGE.

One of the most striking Roman provincial theatres is that of Orange,
in the south of France. Perhaps it owes its existence, or at all events
its splendour, to the substratum of Grecian colonists that preceded the
Romans in that country. Its auditorium is 340 ft. in diameter, but much
ruined, in consequence of the princes of Orange having used this part
as a bastion in some fortification they were constructing.

The stage is tolerably preserved. It shows well the increased
extent and complication of arrangements required for the theatrical
representations of the age in which it was constructed, being a
considerable advance towards the more modern idea of a play, as
distinguished from the stately semi-religious spectacle in which the
Greeks delighted. The noblest part of the building is the great wall at
the back, an immense mass of masonry, 340 ft. in extent, and 116 ft. in
height, without a single opening above the basement, and no ornament
except a range of blank arches, about midway between the basement and
the top, and a few projecting corbels to receive the footings of the
masts that supported the velarium. Nowhere does the architecture of
the Romans shine so much as when their gigantic buildings are left to
tell their own tale by the imposing grandeur of their masses. Whenever
ornament is attempted, their bad taste comes out. The size of their
edifices, and the solidity of their construction, were only surpassed
by the Egyptians, and not always by them; and when, as here, their mass
stands unadorned in all its native grandeur, criticism is disarmed,
and the spectator stands awe-struck at its majesty, and turns away
convinced that truly "there were giants in those days." This is not, it
is true, the most intellectual way of obtaining architectural effect,
but it is the easiest and the most certain to secure the desired result.


A PISCATORIAL DOG.

Mr. Jukes, in his "Excursions in and about Newfoundland," speaks of a
dog which appeared to be of the pure breed, and which he thought to
be more intelligent than the mixed race. This animal caught his own
fish, for which purpose he sat on a projecting rock, beneath a fish
stage, on which the fish were laid to dry, watching the water, the
depth being from six to eight feet, and the bottom quite white with
fish-bones. On throwing a piece of cod-fish into the water, three or
four heavy, clumsy-looking fish, called in Newfoundland _sculpins_,
would swim to catch it. The instant one turned his broadside towards
him, he darted down, and seldom came up without the fish in his mouth.
He regularly carried them as he caught them to a place a few yards off,
where he deposited them, sometimes making a pile of fifty or sixty in
the day. As he never attempted to eat them, he appeared to fish for his
amusement.


PHENOMENA OF SOUND.

In the gardens of Les Rochas, once the well-known residence of Madame
de Sevigné, is a remarkable echo, which illustrates finely the
conducting and reverberating powers of a flat surface. The Château
des Rochas is situated not far from the interesting and ancient town
of Vitre. A broad gravel walk on a dead flat conducts through the
garden to the house. In the centre of this, on a particular spot, the
listener is placed at the distance of about ten or twelve yards from
another person, who, similarly placed, addresses him in a low and, in
the common acceptation of the term, inaudible whisper, when, "Lo! what
myriads rise!" for immediately, from thousands and tens of thousands
of invisible tongues, starting from the earth beneath, or as if every
pebble was gifted with powers of speech, the sentence is repeated with
a slight hissing sound, not unlike the whirling of small shot passing
through the air. On removing from this spot, however trifling the
distance, the intensity of the repetition is sensibly diminished, and
within a few feet ceases to be heard. Under the idea that the ground
was hollow beneath, the soil has been dug up to a considerable depth;
but without discovering any clue to the solution of the mystery.


ANTIQUE WATCH.

[Illustration [++] Antique Silver Watch Shaped Like a Duck.]

The above engraving represents a fancy silver watch of the time of
Queen Elizabeth. It is shaped like a duck; the feathers chased. The
lower part opens, and the dial plate, which is also of silver, is
encircled with a gilt ornamental design of floriated scrolls and
angels' heads. The wheels work on small rubies. It has no maker's
name. It is preserved in the original case of thin brass, covered with
black leather, and ornamented with silver studs, as represented in the
woodcut below. It forms one of the curiosities in the Museum of Lord
Londesborough.

[Illustration [++] Watch in Original Case.]


HORSES FEEDING ONE ANOTHER.

M. de Bossanelle, captain of cavalry in the regiment of Beauvilliers,
relates in his "Military Observations," printed in Paris, 1760, "That,
in the year 1757, an old horse of his company, that was very fine and
full of mettle, had his teeth all on a sudden so worn down, that he
could not chew his hay and corn; and that he was fed for two months,
and would still have been so had he been kept, by two horses on each
side of him, that ate in the same manger. These two horses drew hay
from the rack, which they chewed, and afterwards threw before the
old horse; that they did the same with the oats, which they ground
very small, and also put before him. This (adds he) was observed and
witnessed by a whole company of cavalry, officers and men."


CROSS OF MUIREDACH.

[Illustration [++] Cross of Muiredach.]

From the rude pillar-stone marked with the symbol of our
faith, enclosed within a circle, the emblem of Eternity, the
finely-proportioned and elaborately-sculptured crosses of a later
period are derived. In the latter, the circle, instead of being simply
cut on the face of the stone, is represented by a ring, binding, as it
were, the shaft, arms, and upper portion of the cross together. There
are two beautiful specimens of this style of cross at Monasterboice,
near Drogheda, about thirty-five miles from Dublin. The smaller, more
beautiful, and more perfect of these we here engrave. The figures and
ornaments with which its various sides are enriched appear to have been
executed with an unusual degree of artistic skill. It is now almost as
perfect as it was when, nearly nine centuries ago, the artist, we may
suppose, pronounced his work finished, and chiefs and abbots, bards,
shanachies, warriors, and ecclesiastics, and, perhaps, many a rival
sculptor, crowded round this very spot full of wonder and admiration
for what they must have considered a truly glorious, and, perhaps,
unequalled work. An inscription in Irish upon the lower part of the
shaft, desires "A prayer for Muiredach, by whom was made this cross,"
and there is reason for assigning it to an abbot of that name who died
in the year 924. Its total height is exactly fifteen feet, and it is
six in breadth at the arms. The shaft, which at the base measures in
breadth two feet six inches, and in thickness one foot nine inches,
diminishes slightly in its ascent, and is divided upon its various
sides by twisted bands into compartments, each of which contains either
sculptured figures, or tracery of very intricate design, or animals,
probably symbolical.


CHINESE THERAPEUTICS.

In the treatment of disease, the Chinese, so fond of classification,
divide the medicinal substances they employ into heating, cooling,
refreshing, and temperate: their _materia medica_ is contained in
the work called the _Pen-tsaocang-mou_ in fifty-two large volumes,
with an atlas of plates; most of our medicines are known to them and
prescribed; the mineral waters, with which their country abounds,
are also much resorted to; and their emperor, Kang-Hi, has given an
accurate account of several thermal springs. Fire is a great agent, and
the _moxa_ recommended in almost every aliment, while acupuncture is in
general use both in China and Japan; bathing and _champooing_ are also
frequently recommended, and bloodletting is seldom resorted to.

China has also her animal magnetisers, practising the _Cong fou_, a
mysterious manipulation taught by the bonzes, in which the adepts
produce violent convulsions.

The Chinese divide their prescriptions into seven categories:

1. The great prescription.

2. The little prescription.

3. The slow prescription.

4. The prompt prescription.

5. The odd prescription.

6. The even prescription.

7. The double prescription.

Each of these receipts being applied to particular cases, and the
ingredients that compose them being weighed with the most scrupulous
accuracy.

Medicine was taught in the imperial colleges of Pekin; but in every
district, a physician, who had studied six years, is appointed to
instruct the candidate for the profession, who was afterwards allowed
to practise, without any further studies or examination; and it is
said, that, in general, the physician only receives his fee when
the patient is cured. This assertion, however, is very doubtful, as
the country abounds in quacks, who, under such restrictions as to
remuneration, would scarcely earn a livelihood. Another singular, but
economical practice prevails amongst them--a physician never pays
a second visit to a patient unless he is sent for. Whatever may be
the merits of Chinese practitioners both in medicine and surgery, or
their mode of receiving remuneration, it appears that they are as much
subject to animadversion as in other countries:--A missionary having
observed to a Chinese, that their medical men had constantly recourse
to fire in the shape of moxa, red-hot iron, and burning needles; he
replied, "Alas! you Europeans are carved with steel, while we are
martyrized with hot iron; and I fear that in neither country will the
fashion subside, since the operators do not feel the anguish they
inflict, and are equally paid to torment us or to cure us!"


MARY QUEEN OF SCOTS TO SIR FRANCIS KNOLLYS, FROM BOLTON, SEPT. 1ST,
1568: HER FIRST LETTER IN ENGLISH.

(MS. Cotton. Calig. C. I. fol. 161 b. _Orig._)

Mester Knoleis, y heuv har (I have heard) sum neus from Scotland; y
send zou the double off them y vreit (wrote) to the quin (queen) my
gud Sister, and pres (pray) zou to du the lyk, conforme to that y
spak zesternicht vnto zou, and sut hesti ansur y refer all to zour
discretion, and wil lipne beter in zour gud delin (dealing) for mi,
(me) nor y kan persuad zou, nemli in this langasg (language) excus
my ivil vreitin (writing) for y neuver vsed it afor, and am hestit
(hasted). Ze schal si my bel (bill) vhuilk (which) is opne, it is sed
Seterday my unfrinds wil be vth (with) zou, y sey nething bot trests
weil, and ze send oni to zour wiff ze mey asur schu (she) wald a bin
weilcom to apur (poor) strenger hua (who) nocht bien (not being)
aquentet vth her, wil nocht bi ouuer bald (bold) to vreit bot for the
aquentans betuix ous (us: _i_. _e_. herself and Sir Francis Knolles). Y
wil send zou letle tokne (token) to rember (remember) zou off the gud
hop y heuu (have) in zou guef (gif--if) ze fend (find) a mit (meet)
mesager y wald wish ze bestouded (bestowed) it reder (rather) apon her
non (than) ani vder; thus effter my commendations y prey God heuu zou
in his kipin.

  "Zour asured gud frind.

  "MARIE R.

  "Excus my ivel vreitin thes furst tym."


PHILOSOPHY OF THE BRAMINS.

The order of creation, which is described in the Institutes of Menu
(c. 1, pp. 75-8), is remarkable. "First emerges the subtle ether, to
which philosophers ascribe the quality of conveying sound: from ether,
effecting a transmutation in form, springs the pure and potent air,
a vehicle of all scents; and air is held endued with the quality of
touch: then from air, operating a change, rises light, or fire, making
objects visible, dispelling gloom, spreading bright rays; and it is
declared to have the quality of figure: but from light, a change being
effected, comes water, with the quality of taste: and from water is
deposited earth, with the quality of smell; such were they created in
the beginning." This passage bears at least as strong a resemblance to
the chemical philosophy of our days, as certain parts of the Hindoo
fables bear to the mysteries of the Christian religion. But it is more
difficult to account for the philosophy, (if, indeed, it be any thing
more than mere theory,) than to explain how the distorted traces of
Christianity found their way into the fables of Hindostan.


FOREIGNERS IN LONDON IN 1567.

"We learn from the Bishop of London's certificate, that, in December,
1567, there were then in London and its immediate vicinity, or places
which are now included in the word 'London,' 3838 Dutchmen; 720
Frenchmen; 137 Italians; 14 Venetians; 56 Spaniards; 25 Portuguese; 2
Grecians; 2 Blackamores; 1 Dane; and but 58 Scots! making a total of
4851 foreigners."


CHANGES OF FORTUNE.

In 1454, Sir Stephen Forster was Lord Mayor of London. He had been long
in prison and penury, on account of his inordinate profuseness. It
chanced that a most fantastical widow, who knew not how to get rid of
her immense wealth, saw him begging at the gate; she admired his fine
person, learnt his history, paid his debts, and married him; asking
of him only this one favour, that he would lavish away her fortune as
fast as he could. Forster, probably from perverseness, became a sober
husband and a prudent manager, and only expended large sums in adding
a chapel and other advantageous appendages to Ludgate, where he had
suffered so many hardships.


ROMAN VASES IN BLACK WARE.

The principal subjects represented on vases of ancient Roman pottery
of black ware are hunting scenes--such as dogs chasing stags,
deer, hares,--also, dolphins, ivy wreaths, and engrailed lines;
and engine-turned patterns. In a few instances men with spears are
represented, but in a rude and debased style of art. The principal form
is the cup of a jar shape, sometimes with deep oval flutings, as on one
found at Castor; but dishes, cups, plates, and mortars are not found in
this ware.

[Illustration [++] Roman Vase in Black Ware.]

Some of the vases of this ware have ornaments, and sometimes letters
painted on them in white slip upon their black ground, as represented
in our engraving. They are generally of a small size, and of the nature
of bottles or cups, with inscriptions, such as AVE, hail! VIVAS, may
you live! IMPLE, fill; BIBE, drink; VINVM, wine; VIVA, life; VIVE BIBE
MVLTIS; showing that they were used for purposes purely convivial. Such
are the vases found at Etaples, near Boulogne, the ancient Gessoriacum,
and at Mesnil.

Some rarer and finer specimens from Bredene, in the department of Lis,
have a moulding round the foot. Great quantities are found in England,
Holland, Belgium, and France. It is found on the right bank of the
Rhine. A variety of this ware has been lately found at a spot called
Crockhill, in the New Forest, together with the kilns in which it was
made, and a heap of potter's sherds, or pieces spoilt in the baking.
The paste was made of the blue clay of the neighbourhood, covered with
an alkaline glaze of a maroon colour, perhaps the result of imperfect
baking; for the pieces when submitted again to the action of the fire,
decrepitated and split. They were so much vitrified as to resemble
modern stone ware, yet as all of them have proofs of having been
rejected by the potters, it is probable that this was not the proper
colour of the ware. Almost all were of the pinched up fluted shape, and
had no bas-reliefs, having been ornamented with patterns laid on in
white colour. The kilns are supposed to be of the third century of our
era, and the ware was in local use, for some of it was found at Bittern.


FRENCH BIBLE.

There was a French Bible, printed at Paris in 1538, by Anthony
Bonnemere, wherein is related "that the ashes of the golden calf which
Moses caused to be burnt, and mixed with the water that was drank by
the Israelites, stuck to the beards of such as has had fallen down
before it; by which they appeared with gilt beards, as a peculiar mark
to distinguish those which had worshipped the calf." This idle story
is actually interwoven with the 32nd chapter of Exodus. And Bonnemere
says, in his preface, this French Bible was printed in 1495, at the
request of his most Christian Majesty Charles VIII.; and declares
further that the French translator "has added nothing but the genuine
truths, according to the express terms of the Latin Bible; nor omitted
anything but what was improper to be translated!" So that we are to
look upon this fiction of the gilded beards as matter of fact; and
another of the same stamp, inserted in the chapter above mentioned,
viz., that, "Upon Aaron's refusing to make gods for the Israelites,
they spat upon him with so much fury and violence that they quite
suffocated him."


SARDONYX RING WITH CAMEO HEAD OF QUEEN ELIZABETH, IN THE POSSESSION OF
REV. LORD THYNNE.

[Illustration [++] Sardonyx Ring.]

This is said to be the identical ring given by Queen Elizabeth to
Essex, and so fatally retained by Lady Nottingham. It has descended
from Lady Frances Devereux, Essex's daughter, in unbroken succession
from mother and daughter to the present possessor. The ring is gold,
the sides engraved, and the inside of blue enamel; the execution of the
head of Elizabeth is of a high order, and whether this be _the_ ring or
not, it is valuable as a work of art.


CURIOUS WAGERS.

There have been travelling wagers, and none of the least singular of
such was that of Mr. Whalley, an Irish gentleman (and who we believe
edited Ben Johnson's works), who, for a very considerable wager (twenty
thousand pounds, it was said,) set out on Monday the 22nd of September,
1788, to walk to Constantinople and back again in one year. This wager,
however whimsical, is not without a precedent. Some years ago a baronet
of good fortune (Sir Henry Liddel) laid a considerable wager that he
would go to Lapland, bring home two females of that country, and two
rein-deer, in a given time. He performed the journey, and effected
his purpose in every respect. The Lapland women lived with him about
a year, but desiring to go back to their own country, the baronet
furnished them with means and money.


CONFECTIONERY ART IN 1660.

The following is extracted from a work on Cookery, by Robert May,
published in 1660. It is entitled the "_Accomplisht Cook, &c., &c._

"Triumphs and Trophies in Cookery, to be used in Festival Times, as
Twelfth Day, &c.:--Make the likeness of a ship in pasteboard with flags
and streamers, the guns belonging to it of kickses, bind them about
with pack-thread and cover them with paste proportionable to the
fashion of a cannon with carriages; lay them in places convenient, as
you see them in ships of war, with such holes and trains of powder that
they may all take fire. Place your ships firm in a great charger; then
make a salt round about it, and stick therein egg-shells full of sweet
water; you may by a great pin take out all the meat out of the egg by
blowing, and then fill it with rose-water. Then in another charger have
the proportion of a stag made of coarse paste, with a broad arrow in
the side of him, and his body filled up with claret wine. In another
charger at the end of the stag have the proportion of a castle with
battlements, percullices, gates, and drawbridges, made of pasteboard,
the guns of kickses, and covered with coarse paste as the former; place
it at a distance from the ship to fire at each other. The stag being
placed betwixt them, with egg-shells full of sweet water (as before)
placed in salt. At each side of the charger wherein is the stag, place
a pie made of coarse paste, in one of which let there be some live
frogs, in the other live birds; make these pies of coarse paste, filled
with bran, and yellowed over saffron, or yolks of eggs: gild them over
in spots, as also the stag, the ship and castle; bake them, and place
them with gilt bay leaves on the turrets and tunnels of the castle and
pies; being baked make a hole in the bottom of your pies, take out the
bran, put in your frogs and birds, and close up the holes with the
same coarse paste; then cut the lids neatly up to be taken off by the
tunnels. Being all placed in order upon the table, before you fire the
trains of powder, order it so that some of the ladies may be persuaded
to pluck the arrow out of the stag; then will the claret wine follow,
as blood running out of a wound. This being done with admiration to
the beholders, after some short pause, fire the train of the castle,
that the pieces all of one side may go off; then fire the trains of
one side of the ship as in a battle; next turn the chargers, and by
degrees fire the trains of each other side, as before. This done, to
sweeten the stink of the powder, the ladies take the egg-shells full of
sweet waters, and throw them at each other, all dangers being seemed
over, and by this time you may suppose they will desire to see what
is in the pies; when lifting first the lid off one pie, out skip some
frogs, which makes the ladies to skip and shriek; next after the other
pie, whence comes out the birds; who by a natural instinct flying at
the light, will put out the candles; so that what with the flying
birds and skipping frogs, the one above, the other beneath, will cause
much delight and pleasure to the whole company: at length the candles
are lighted and a banquet brought in, the music sounds, and every one
with much delight and content rehearses their actions in the former
passages. These were formerly the delights of the nobility, before good
house-keeping had left England, and the sword really acted that which
was only counterfeited in such honest and laudable exercises as these."


SUSPENDED ANIMATION.

David Beck, the celebrated portrait painter, and pupil of Vandyke,
travelling through Germany, was suddenly taken ill, and to all
appearance died, and was laid out as a corpse. His servants, sitting
round the bed, grieved heartily for the loss of so good a master; and,
as grief is thirsty, drank as heartily at the same time. One of them,
becoming more fuddled than the rest, then addressed his companions
thus: "Our master when alive was fond of his glass, let us now, out of
gratitude, then give him one now he is dead." Assent was given, the
head of the dead painter was raised up, and some wine poured down or
spilt about, the fragrance or spirit of which caused Beck to open his
eyes; upon which the servant, who, being drunk, half forgetting his
master was dead, forced down the remainder of the glass. The painter
gradually revived, and thus escaped a living interment.


FUNERAL OF MARAT.

The funeral of Marat was celebrated at Paris, July 17th, 1793, with the
greatest pomp and solemnity. All the sections joined the procession.
An immense crowd of people attended it. Four women bore the bathing
machine in which Marat was standing when he was assassinated; his
shirt, stained with blood, was carried by a fury, in the shape of a
woman, at the top of a pike. After this followed a wooden bedstead,
on which the corpse of Marat was carried by citizens. His head was
uncovered, and the gash he had received could be easily distinguished.
The procession was paraded through several streets, and was saluted on
its march by several discharges of artillery.


EXECUTION OF ANNE BOLEYN.

In Houssaie's "Memoirs," Vol. I. p. 435, a little circumstance is
recorded concerning the decapitation of the unfortunate Anne Boleyn,
which illustrates an observation of Hume. Our historian notices that
her executioner was a Frenchman of Calais, who was supposed to have
uncommon skill; it is probable that the following incident might
have been preserved by tradition in France, from the account of the
executioner himself. Anne Boleyn being on the scaffold, would not
consent to have her eyes covered with a bandage, saying that she had
no fear of death. All that the divine who assisted at her execution
could obtain from her was, that she would shut her eyes. But as she
was opening them at every moment, the executioner could not bear their
tender and mild glances. Fearful of missing his aim, he was obliged to
invent an expedient to behead the queen. He drew off his shoes, and
approached her silently; while he was at her left hand, another person
advanced at her right, who made a great noise in walking, so that this
circumstance drawing the attention of Anne, she turned, her face from
the executioner, who was enabled by this artifice to strike the fatal
blow without being disarmed by that pride of affecting resignation
which shone in the eyes of the lovely Anne Boleyn.


MEXICAN TENNIS.

The Mexicans had one singular law in their play with the ball. In the
walls of the court where they played certain stones, like mill-stones
were fixed, with a hole in the middle, just large enough to let the
ball pass through; and whoever drove it through, which required great
skill, and was, of course, rarely effected, won the cloaks of the
lookers-on. They, therefore, took to their heels to save their cloaks,
and others pursued to catch them, which was a new source of amusement.


CURIOUSLY-SHAPED VESSEL.

[Illustration [++] Vessel in the Shape of a Lion.]

There is a singular class of Northern relics, of the Christian Period,
of which analogous types have been found in Scotland, which well
deserve our attention. The relics of which we speak consist of a
curious variety of vessels, presumed to have been designed for holding
liquors, but invariably made in the form of some animal or monstrous
hybrid. The annexed figure represents one of these, in the collection
of Charles Kirkpatrick Sharp, Esq., and found by him among a hoard of
long-forgotten family heirlooms, in a vault of his paternal mansion
of Hoddam Castle, Dumfriesshire. Of its previous history nothing is
known. It is made of bronze. The principal figure is a lion, without a
tail, measuring fourteen inches in length, and nearly fourteen inches
in greatest height. On the back is perched a nondescript animal, half
greyhound, half fish, apparently intended for a handle to the whole,
while from the breast projects a stag's head with large antlers. This
has a perforation in the back of the neck, as if for the insertion of
a stop-cock, and it appears probable was designed for running off the
liquid contained within the singular vessel to which it is attached. A
small square lid on the top of the lion's head, opening with a hinge,
supplies the requisite aperture for whatever liquor it was designed to
hold. A similar relic, possessed by Sir John Maxwell, Bart., was dug up
a few years since on the Pollock estate; and another, in the collection
of the late E. W. A. Drummond Hay, Esq., was also in the form of a lion.


A SENSIBLE DOG.

Professor Owen was walking with a friend, the master of the dog,
by the side of a river, near its mouth, on the coast of Cornwall,
and picked up a small piece of seaweed. It was covered with minute
animals, and Mr. Owen observed to his companion, throwing the weed
into the water,--"If this small piece afforded so many treasures, how
microscopically rich the whole plant would be! I should much like to
have one!" The gentleman walked on; but hearing a splashing in the
water, turned round and saw it violently agitated. "It is Lion!" both
exclaimed. "What can he be about? He was walking quietly enough by our
side a minute ago." At one moment they saw his tail above the water,
then his head raised for a breath of air, then the surrounding element
shook again, and at last he came ashore, panting from his exertions,
and laid a whole plant of the identical weed at Mr. Owen's feet. After
this proof of intelligence, it will not be wondered at, that when Lion
was joyfully expecting to accompany his master and his guest on an
excursion, and was told to go and take care of and comfort Mrs. Owen,
who was ill, that he should immediately return to the drawing-room, and
lay himself by her side, which he never left during the absence of his
owner; his countenance alone betraying his disappointment, and that
only for a few minutes.


THE CROWN OF CHARLEMAGNE.

As the emblem of sovereignty which once adorned the brows of one of
earth's mightiest men, and as a unique specimen of the state at which
the goldsmith's art had arrived as early as the ninth century, we here
present our readers with an engraving of the crown of Charlemagne.

[Illustration [++] Crown of Charlemagne.]

This great man was the eldest son of Pepin the Short, and grandson of
Charles Martel, and was born at the castle of Ingelheim, near Metz,
in the year 742. His father dying in 768 he succeeded to the crown in
conjunction with his brother Carloman, whose death in 771 left him sole
monarch of the Franks. By his alliances, negociations, and principally
by his numerous and glorious wars, he so enlarged his dominions, that
at length they extended from the Ebro to the mouth of the Elbe, from
the Atlantic to the mountains of Bohemia and the Saal, and from the
British Channel to the Volturno. In the year 800 he was crowned at
Rome, as Emperor of the West, by Pope Leo III., and died of a pleurisy
in 814, at Aix-la-Chapelle, in the cathedral of which city he was
buried with extraordinary magnificence. Equally illustrious in the
cabinet and in the field, a wise legislator, and a great warrior, the
patron of men of letters, and the restorer of learning, Charlemagne
has united in his favour the suffrages of statesmen and soldiers, and
of ecclesiastics, lawyers, and men of letters, who have all vied with
one another in bestowing the homage of their praise on the celebrated
founder of the Western Empire.

The crown of this illustrious man, of which our engraving is a correct
representation, is now preserved at Vienna in the Imperial Treasury.
It is composed of eight plates of gold, four large and four small,
connected by hinges. The large ones, studded with precious stones, form
the front, the back, and the intermediate points of the crown; the
small ones, placed alternately with these, are ornamented with enamels
representing Solomon, David, King Hezekiah seated on his throne,
and Christ seated between two flaming seraphim, such as the Greeks
usually represent them. The costume of the figures resembles that of
the Emperors of the Lower Empire, and although the inscriptions which
accompany the figures are in Latin, the whole bears the impress of
Greek workmanship. The ground of the figures is formed by the metal
itself, which has been hollowed out to receive the enamel; but all the
details of the design are traced out with fine fillets of gold. The
flesh-tints are in rose-coloured enamel; the colours employed in the
draperies and accessories are deep and light blue, red, and white. The
crown has unquestionably been retouched at various periods, but yet
there is nothing to invalidate the tradition which assigns the more
ancient portions to the time of Charlemagne. The enamels must belong to
the same early period.


SPENT BY THE CORPORATION OF COVENTRY AT THE ENTERTAINMENT OF KING JAMES
II. IN HIS PROGRESS THROUGH COVENTRY, 1687.

(Mr. Richard Haywood, Treasurer.)

                                                            £    s.  d.
  Gave a gold cup                                          171  17   6
  Mr. Septimus Butt, mayor, for sweetmeats                  27  17   0
  Meat                                                      13  14   0
  Wine                                                      21  12   6
  Homage fee                                                41   6   8
  King's cook                                               10   0   0
  City cook                                                  9   8   6
  Steward Fielding, for making a speech to his Majesty       5   7   6
  For linen spoiled, borrowed of Mrs. Smith, Spon-street     2  12   6
  The aldermen that went to Worcester to invite him          3  18   9
  Several companies for waiting on the King                 27   9   4
  Alderman Webster, for meat                                 3   6   0
  Alderman Bradney for corn                                  3   5   6
  His Majesty's clerk of the market                          1   1   6
  The King's trumpeters                                      2   0   0
  Richard Howcott, for carrying the city streamer            0   7   0
  The city bailiff's bill for fish, fowl, and wine          88  18   2
                                                          -------------
                                                          £434   2   9


TRAVELLING EXPENSES IN THE THIRTEENTH CENTURY.

Of travelling expenses in the thirteenth century, a roll is in
existence, and is too interesting to be passed over. It contains
a steward's accompts of the daily expenses of a person of rank in
the reign of Edward I, on a journey from Oxford to Canterbury,
and during his sojourn in London, about the year 1289; while the
record throws much light upon the mode of our ancestors' living,
at a period concerning which we have very few similar memorials.
One day's expenses are as follow: "In bread, sixpence. Two gallons
of wine, a gift of hospitality from the rector of Berton. Item in
bread, sixpence. Two gallons of wine, a gift of hospitality from the
rector of Mistern. Beer, sixpence. Herrings, threepence. Stockfish,
fourpence. Porpoise and fish, fourpence. Perch and roach, seven-pence.
Large eels, seven-pence. Vegetables, threepence farthing. Figs and
raisins, twopence. Fuel, five-pence. A bed for two nights, twopence.
Hay for seven horses, seven-pence. A bushel of oats, twenty-pence.
Apples, a halfpenny. Sum, six shillings and eight-pence halfpenny."
The most expensive day in the roll is on a Sunday, "in expenses of
my lord at Westminster, when he held a breakfast there for knights,
clerks, and squires. Bread, two shillings. Beer, twelve-pence. Wine,
three shillings and eight-pence. Half a salmon, for the standard,
with the chine, three shillings and eight-pence. A fresh conger eel,
three shillings. Three fat pikes, five fat eels, and twenty-seven fat
roaches, twelve shillings and fourpence. Half a hundred lamprorns,
twelve-pence. Oysters, threepence. Vegetables, twopence. The hire of
a boy to prepare the breakfast, one penny. Fare to Westminster, one
penny. A basket, one penny farthing. On the same day at the inn: bread,
five-pence farthing. Beer from the store. Two gallons of beer for the
boys, twopence. Fish from the store. Candles, a halfpenny. Fuel, a
halfpenny. Hay bought, five-pence three farthings. Straw, sixpence.
Two bushels of oats, eight-pence. Two pair of shoes for my lord,
twelve-pence. Sum, thirty shillings and threepence farthing."


DUNS IN THE MAHRATTA COUNTRY.

The Mahratta mode of recovering debts is curious. When the creditor
cannot get his money, and begins to see the debt as rather desperate,
he sits _dhurna_ upon his debtor; that is, he squats down at the door
of the tent, and becomes, in a certain mysterious degree, the master
of it. No one goes in or out without his approbation. He neither eats
himself, nor suffers his debtor to eat; and this famishing contest is
carried on till the debt is paid, or till the creditor begins to _feel_
that want of food is a greater punishment than the want of money. This
curious mode of enforcing a demand is in universal practice among the
Mahrattas; Scindiah himself, the chieftain, not being exempt from it.
The man who sits the _dhurna_, goes to the house, or tent, of him
whom he wishes to bring to terms, and remains there till the affair
is settled; during which time, the one under restraint is confined to
his apartment, and not suffered to communicate with any persons but
those whom the other may approve of. The laws by which the _dhurna_
is regulated are as well defined and understood as those of any other
custom whatever. When it is meant to be very strict, the claimant
carries a number of his followers, who surround the tent, sometimes
even the bed of his adversary, and deprive him altogether of food;
in which case, however, etiquette prescribes the same abstinence to
himself: the strongest stomach, of course, carries the day. A custom of
this kind was once so prevalent in the province and city of Benares,
that Brahmins were _trained_ to remain a long time without food. They
were then sent to the door of some rich individual, where they made a
vow to remain without eating, till they should obtain a certain sum of
money. To preserve the life of a Brahmin is so absolutely a duty, that
the money was generally paid; but never till a good struggle had taken
place, to ascertain whether the man was staunch or not; for money is
the life and soul of all Hindoos.


VAUXHALL.

[Illustration [++] Vauxhall.]

The trees seen above the houses at the foot of the Surrey side of
Westminster Bridge are those of Vauxhall Gardens, the site of which
will soon be covered with buildings. These grounds were once the glory
of English pleasure-gardens, frequented by the highest in the land
from the gay days of Charles II. to those of "the Regency," and were
celebrated in musical history for talent of the highest kind here
introduced. In the old orchestra, whose towering summit may be seen
from the Thames, the greatest musical celebrities have sung. Handel,
Dr. Arne, and Hook superintended its concerts; and Hogarth decorated
its walls with paintings. It obtained its name from a very old mansion
that once stood near it. This old manor-house of Fawkes Hall, as it
existed in the reign of Charles I., is shown in our engraving; at that
time it was described as a "fair dwelling-house, strongly built, of
three stories high, and a pier staircase breaking out from it nineteen
feet square." This staircase occupied one of the towers, in accordance
with the ancient plan, and the house was a curious specimen of the old
timber houses of the gentry in the sixteenth century.

It appears to have obtained its name from Foukes de Breut, who married
the heiress of the manor, the Countess of Albemarle, sister to Baldwin,
Archbishop of Canterbury; and it was granted by the name of the manor
of Foukeshall, by Edward III. to his favourite Hugh le Despenser. In
1615 the records of the Duchy of Cornwall prove the premises known as
Vauxhall Gardens to have been the leasehold property of Jane Vaux,
widow of John Vaux, citizen and vintner of London, and a benefactor
to the parish of Lambeth. It has always remained, with the manor of
Kennington, as the property of the crown, and belongs to the Prince of
Wales as part of his Duchy of Cornwall. Vauxhall Gardens closed for
ever on July 25th, 1859, with an _al fresco fête_.


EGYPTIAN TOILET BOXES.

[Illustration [++] Egyptian Toilet Boxes.]

The ladies of ancient Egypt were very fond of having their apartments
set off with a profusion of knick-knacks, and among other articles of
that sort, they usually had several different kinds of toilet-boxes
on their dressing-tables. The above engraving represents a group of
them. They have been found in considerable numbers among the ruins
of the palaces, and they form interesting objects among the Egyptian
curiosities in many of our museums. They were made of wood, or of
ivory, often inlaid, and always elaborately carved. Sometimes they
partook of the nature of spoons, the containing part being shallow,
at the end of a long solid handle; the handle was carved into the
most fanciful forms--a grotesque human figure, a woman, a fox, or a
fish--and the spoon part was generally covered with a lid, which turned
on a pivot. In one of those in the engraving, the spoon takes the
form of a fish, the cover being carved to resemble its scales, while
another, also in the form of a fish, has two cavities, the one covered,
the other permanently open. Sometimes the body of a goose formed the
box, either trussed for the table, or in the posture of life, and other
forms were devised from the fancy of the artist. Some of these shallow
boxes are supposed to have been used for holding small quantities of
ointments and cosmetics upon the toilet-table.


SPACIOUS KITCHEN.

One of the most spacious kitchens in England is that of Raby Castle,
the magnificent seat of the Duke of Cleveland. It is a square of thirty
feet, having three chimneys, one for the grate, a second for stoves,
and the third, (now stopped up,) for the great cauldron. The roof
is arched, with a small cupola in the centre: it has likewise five
windows, from each of which steps descend, but only in one instance to
the floor; and a gallery runs round the whole interior of the building.
The ancient oven is said to have allowed a tall person to stand upright
in it, its diameter being fifteen feet. It has since been converted
into a wine cellar, the sides being divided into ten parts, and each
holding a hogshead of wine in bottles. Vast as is this kitchen, it must
have been but suitable to the hospitality of former ages: for, in one
of the apartments of Raby Castle, seven hundred knights are stated to
have been entertained at one time.


THE HAWTHORNDEN CAVES.

In almost every country on the earth there are natural or artificial
caves, which have supplied hiding-places, retreats for anchorites, and
even permanent native dwellings. Such caves abound in Scotland, and
especially along the coast, but in general their interest arises rather
from the associations of popular traditions, than from any intrinsic
peculiarity of character pertaining to them. Few such retreats are more
remarkable, either for constructive art, or historic associations,
than the well-known caves beneath the old tower of Hawthornden, near
Edinburgh. They have been hewn, with great labour and ingenuity, in
the rocky cliff which overhangs the river Esk. No tradition preserves
the history or date of their execution, but concealment was evidently
the chief design of the excavators. The original entrance is most
ingeniously made in the shaft of a very deep draw-well, sunk in the
court-yard of the castle, and from its manifest utility as the ordinary
and indispensable appendage of the fortress, it most effectually
conceals its adaptation as a means of ingress and communication with
the rock chambers beneath. These are of various forms and sizes, and
one in particular is pierced with a series of square recesses, somewhat
resembling the columbaria of a Roman tomb, but assigned by popular
tradition as the library of its later owner, Drummond, the Scottish
poet. Whatever was the purpose for which these were thus laboriously
cut, the example is not singular. A large cave in Roxburghshire, hewn
out in the lofty cliff which overhangs the Teviot, has in its sides
similar recesses, and from their supposed resemblance to the interior
of a pigeon-house, the cavern has received the name of the _Doo-cave_.
Authentic notices of the Hawthornden caves occur so early as the reign
of David II., when a daring band of Scottish adventurers made good
their head-quarters there, while Edward held the newly-fortified castle
of Edinburgh, and the whole surrounding district. In the glen of the
little river Ale, which falls into the Teviot at Ancrum, extensive
groups of caves occur, all indicating, more or less, artificial
adaptation as human dwellings; and in many other districts similar
evidences may be seen of temporary or permanent habitation, at some
remote period, in these rude recesses. Along the coast of Arran there
are several caves of various dimensions, one of which, at Drumandruin,
or Drumidoon, is noted in the older traditions of the island as the
lodging of Fin M'Coul, the Fingal of Ossian, during his residence in
Arran. Though low in the roof, it is sufficiently capacious for a
hundred men to sit or lie in it. In this, as in other examples, we find
evidences of artificial operations, proving its connexion with races
long posterior to those with whose works we have chiefly to do in this
section of archaeological inquiry. In the further end a large detached
column of rock has a two-handed sword engraved on it, surmounted by
a deer, and on the southern side of the cave a lunar figure is cut,
similar in character to those frequently found on the sculptured
pillars and crosses which abound in Scotland. It is now more frequently
styled the king's cave, and described as the retreat of Robert the
Bruce, while he lurked as a fugitive in the Western Isles; but, like
many other traditions of the Bruce, this seems to be of very recent
origin. Other caves in the same island are also of large dimensions,
and variously associated with popular traditions, as, indeed, is
generally the case where subterranean retreats of any considerable
extent occur. Some are the supposed dwellings of old mythic chiefs,
whose names still live in the traditional songs of the Gael. Others
are the retreats which the primitive confessors of Scotland excavated
or enlarged for their oratories or cells. Of the latter class are
the caves of St. Molio, on the little island of Lamlash, or the Holy
Isle, on the east coast of Arran; of St. Columba and St. Cormac, on
the Argyleshire coast; of St. Ninian, in Wigtonshire; of St. Serf,
at Dysart, on the Fifeshire coast; and the celebrated "ocean cave of
St. Rule, in Saint Andrew's Bay." This last oratory consists of two
chambers hewn out of the sandstone cliffs of that exposed coast. The
inner apartment is a plain cell, entered from the supposed oratory of
the Greek saint. The latter is nearly circular, measuring about ten
feet in diameter, and has a stone altar hewn in the solid rock on its
eastern side.


MONKISH PRAYERS.

The Monks used to pray heartily, or rather say their prayers no less
than seven times in the twenty-four hours. We will give their names:--

  1st.--Nocturnal, at cock-crowing, or two o'clock in the morning.
  2nd.--Matins, at six o'clock in the morning.
  3rd.--Tierce, at nine o'clock in the morning.
  4th.--Sext, at twelve o'clock at noon.
  5th.--None, at three o'clock in the afternoon.
  6th.--Vespers, at six o'clock in the afternoon.
  7th.--Compline, soon after seven.

Quarles has a neat epigram on the subject:--

    For all our prayers th' Almighty does regard
    The judgment of the _balance_, not the _yard_;
    He loves not words, but matter; 'tis his pleasure
    To buy his wares by _weight_, and not by _measure_.


THE TRAP-DOOR SPIDER.

[Illustration: Trap-door Spider.]

There are few insects of such extraordinary habits as the Trap-door
Spider, and the following account of it by Professor Jones is so
interesting, that we are glad to extract it from his excellent work on
insect Architecture:--

In the Ionian islands, and also in the West Indies [as well as
in the south of France, and in Corsica], there are found certain
spiders (_Cteniza_) commonly known as Trap-door Spiders, which make a
cylindrical nest in the earth, and cover the entrance with a door of
their own construction, framed of alternate layers of silk and earth,
and fastened to the opening by a hinge of stout silk. These spiders
also line their nests throughout with numerous layers of silken web
to the thickness of stout cartridge paper, and finish it with the
greatest care. This beautiful lining is yet further strengthened in
particular parts, where the nest is likely to be exposed to danger. But
the greatest amount of skill and care is bestowed upon the trap-door
and its silken hinge. The door is about the eighth of an inch thick,
rough on the outside, not much unlike an oyster-shell, which it also
resembles in being thick and strong near the hinge, but thinner towards
the circumference. The breadth of this hinge is various, but sometimes
it is very considerable, as shown in the figure accompanying. It also
possesses great elastic force, so that, on being opened, it closes
again of itself. This is principally accomplished by a fold or doubling
of the web, at each end of the hinge, which permits the door to be
opened nearly to a right angle with the aperture, but no further,
unless violence be used. The underside of the door is perfectly smooth
and firm, being shaped so as to fit accurately, and yet to offer no
resistance when pushed open by the insect.

[Illustration: Section of Nest.]

[Illustration: Nest of Trap-door Spider.]

[Illustration: Trap-door Opening by a Lever.]

As might be expected, there are varieties in the shape and size of
these nests. Some specimens found in the island of Zante had the silken
layers of the lid extended into a sort of handle, or lever, just above
the hinge, on pressing which, in ever so slight a degree, the trap-door
opened. From this it would appear, that the entrance to such a nest
could be effected as easily by the enemies of the spider as by the
spider itself; this, however, is not the case; for repeated observation
has shown that the spider keeps guard at the entrance, and actually
holds the door with her fore-feet and palpi, while the hind-feet are
extended down the side of the nest, and the mandibles are thrust into
the opposite side near the door. By this means the insects gets such
power as to resist with considerable force the opening of the door. If
it be asked how this is known, we are able to refer to the experiments
of careful observers, who extracted a number of nests from the ground,
and opening them at the lower end, looked up, and saw the spider so
occupied. A section view of the nest will show that the curved form of
the cover, and the shape of the side walls, must favour this method of
keeping the door shut. In some cases, small hollows were formed round
the interior edge of the lid, into which the spider thrust its feet
when keeping guard. It is a curious fact, that when several of these
spiders enclosed in their nests were kept as a matter of curiosity
in a box of earth, and the doors frequently opened to examine their
proceedings, one or two of them, as if wearied at these repeated
interruptions, effectually closed their doors by weaving a piece of
silken tapestry, which was spread over the interior of the opening, and
rounded like the inside of a thimble. This was so strongly attached to
the door and to the side walls, that no opening could be made without
destroying the nest.


PRICES OF GREEK VASES.

In the ancient times of Rome the vases of Greek pottery bore a high
value, and sold for enormous sums to connoisseurs, which has also
been the case in modern times. Cleopatra spent daily, on the fragrant
or flowery ware of Rhossus, a Syrian town, six minæ. Of the actual
prices paid for painted vases, no positive mention occurs in classical
authorities, yet it is most probable that vases of the best class, the
products of eminent painters, obtained considerable prices. Among the
Greeks, works of merit were at all times handsomely remunerated, and it
is probable that vases of excellence shared the general favour shown to
the fine arts. For works of inferior merit only small sums were paid,
as will be seen by referring to the chapter on inscriptions, which
were incised on their feet, and which mentioned their contemporary
value. In modern times little is known about the prices paid for these
works of art till quite a recent period, when their fragile remains
have realised considerable sums. In this country the collections of
Mr. Townley, Sir W. Hamilton, Lord Elgin, and Mr. Payne Knight, all
contained painted vases. A sum of £500 was paid in consideration of
the Athenian vases in Lord Elgin's collection, which is by no means
large when the extraordinary nature of these vases is considered, as
they are the finest in the world of the old primitive vases of Athens.
£8,400 were paid for the vases of the Hamilton collection, one of the
most remarkable of the time, and consisting of many beautiful specimens
from southern Italy. The great discoveries of the Prince of Canino, in
1827, and the subsequent sale of numerous vases, gave them, however,
a definite market value, to which the sale of the collection of Baron
Durand, which consisted almost entirely of vases, affords some clue.
His collection sold in 1836 for 313,160 francs, or about £12,524. The
most valuable specimen in the collection was the vase representing
the death of Croesus, which was purchased for the Louvre at the price
of 6,600 francs, or £264. The vase with the subject of Arcesilaus
brought 1,050 francs. Another magnificent vase, now in the Louvre,
having the subject of the youthful Hercules strangling the serpents,
was only secured for France after reaching the price of 6,000 francs,
or £240: another, with the subject of Hercules, Dejanira, and Hyllus,
was purchased for the sum of 3,550 francs, or £142. A _crater_, with
the subject of Acamas and Demophoon bringing back Æthra, was obtained
by M. Magnoncourt for 4,250 francs, or £170. A Bacchic amphora, of the
maker Execias, of the archaic style, was bought by the British Museum
for 3,600 francs, or £142 in round numbers. Enough has, however, been
said to show the high price attained by the most remarkable of these
works of art. The inferior vases of course realised much smaller sums,
varying from a few francs to a few pounds; but high prices continued
to be obtained, and the sale by the Prince of Canino in 1837, of some
of his finest vases, contributed to enrich the museums of Europe,
although, as many of the vases were bought in, it does not afford a
good criterion as to price. An _oenochoe_, with Apollo and the Muses,
and a _hydria_, with the same subject, were bought for 2,000 francs,
or £80 each. A _cylix_, with a love scene, and another with Priam
redeeming Hector's corpse, brought 6,600 francs, or £264. An amphora
with the subject of Dionysius, and a cup with that of Hercules, sold
for 8,000 francs, or £320 each. Another brought 7,000 francs, or £280.
A vase with the subject of Theseus seizing Helen, another with the
arming of Paris, and a third with Peleus and Thetis, sold for 6,000
francs, or £240. Nor can the value of the finest specimens of the art
be considered to have deteriorated since. The late Mr. Steuart was
offered 7,500 francs for a large _crater_, found in southern Italy,
ornamented with the subject of Cadmus and the dragon; 3,000 francs, or
£120, were paid by the British Museum for a fine _crater_ ornamented
with the exploits of Achilles: 2,500 francs, or £100, for an amphora of
Apulian style, with the subject of Pelops and OEnomaus at the altar of
the Olympian Zeus. For another vase, with the subject of Musæus, 3,000
francs, or £120 were paid, and 2,500 francs, or £100, for the Athenian
prize vase, the celebrated Vas Burgonianum, exhumed by Mr. Burgon. At
Mr. Beckford's sale, the late Duke of Hamilton gave £200 for a small
vase, with the subject of the Indian Bacchus.

The passion for possessing fine vases has outstripped these prices
at Naples; 2,400 ducats, or £500, was given for the vase with gilded
figures discovered at Cumæ. Still more incredible, half a century back,
8,000 ducats, £1,500, was paid to Vivenzio for the vase in the Museo
Borbonico representing the last night of Troy; 6,000 ducats, or £1,000,
for the one with a Dionysiac feast; and 4,000 ducats, or £800, for
the vase with the grand battle of the Amazons, published by Shultz.
But such sums will not be hereafter realised, not that taste is less,
but that fine vases are more common. No sepulchre has been spared when
detected, and no vase neglected when discovered; and vases have been
exhumed with more activity than the most of precious relics.


OLD WALKING STICKS.

It would seem that at the present time the fashion of carrying
walking-sticks has to a considerable extent "gone out." So great
is the bustle in our city thoroughfares, that the use of a staff,
except by those who are lame, is seldom adopted by business people.
Professional men still affect the custom, however; and your City man,
although he may repudiate the use of a walking-stick in town, straps
a good sapling to his portmanteau whenever he has a chance of getting
amongst the woods and green fields. About a century and a-half ago
everybody carried a cane. Dr. Johnson, Oliver Goldsmith, and a host
of others, considered a good stick as necessary as a coat; and a
collection of these staves would, if they could be had at the present
day, be valuable, not only as relics, but also as an indication of the
characters of the owners, perhaps.

In former times, a golden-mounted stick or staff was commonly used by
both the male and female heads of families. Queen Elizabeth carried one
of these towards the end of her life. They were then more frequently
used, however, as a sign of authority than for any other purpose.

The staff was a weapon long before flint-headed arrows and such-like
instruments were invented. Sheriffs, and others high in authority, have
wands or staffs borne before them on important occasions; the bishops'
pastoral staff is as old as episcopal authority.

In former times the running footmen, who, in a body of half-a-dozen,
on each side of a carriage ran to alarm robbers and to assist the
lumbering vehicle out of the ruts, were well armed with stout
staves. At the present time they are still carried by the Plush
family, although the use of them is not so clear. In the royal state
processions, the footmen with their staves walk as in former days, and
we should be sorry were these little bits of ceremony dispensed with,
inasmuch as they bring to recollection a former condition of things,
which makes us feel comfortable by comparison.

The monstrous sticks shown in the engraving are drawn from specimens
which have been preserved by dealers in London, and put as a sort of
sign at the doors of umbrella and walking-stick dealers. These were,
however, a century ago, common enough, and might have been seen by the
hundred together, borne by tall footmen behind ladies dressed in the
old hooped dresses which we are trying now to imitate. At that time
there was also a taste for various kinds of monsters, in China, wood,
and other materials. Monkeys and pug-dogs were made pets of, and the
sticks of the footmen fashioned into such ugly forms as no modern bogey
ever dreamed of.

These clubs, sticks, maces, or whatever they may be called, were about
six feet high, and were in parts painted and gilt. The centre one is
an elm-sapling, and the natural bumps have been taken advantage of by
the artist to model a sort of Moorish head, with ornamental covering;
lower down, the knobs are fashioned into terrible heads, in which are
mounted glass eyes of various and impossible colours.

[Illustration [++] Old Walking Sticks.]

No doubt before long these staffs, which might be necessary for
the protection of the ladies from the "Mohawks" of the time, will
have disappeared, and people will look with curiosity at Hogarth's
representation of them. Perhaps good specimens of such objects, which
have passed out of use, would be worthy of a place in our national
museum. One of the old-fashioned tinder-boxes would be a curiosity
there now. Although but a few years have passed since the introduction
of lucifer matches, it is no easy matter to get one of those
old-fashioned machines.


THE SANCHI TOPE.

Under the name of topes are included the most important class of
Buddhist architecture in India. They consist of detached pillars,
towers, and tumuli, all of a sacred or monumental character. The word
is a corruption of the Sanscrit _sthupa_, meaning a mound, heap, or
cairn.

By far the finest as well as the most perfect tope in India is that
of Sanchi, the principal one of those opened near Bilsah, in Central
India. It is uncertain whether it ever contained relics or not, as it
had been dug into in 1819 by Sir Herbert Maddock, since which time it
has remained a ruin, and may have been plundered by the natives. At any
rate it must have been a spot of peculiar sanctity, judging both from
its own magnificence, and from the number of subordinate topes grouped
around it. In fact there are a greater number of these monuments on
this spot, within a space not exceeding 17 miles, than there are, so
far at least as we now know, in the whole of India from the Sutlej to
Cape Comorin.

[Illustration [++] Sanchi Tope.]

The general appearance of the Sanchi Tope will be understood from the
annexed view of it. The principal building consists of a dome somewhat
less than a hemisphere, 106 feet in diameter, and 42 feet in height,
with a platform on the top 34 feet across, which originally formed the
basis of the _tee_ or capital, which was the invariable finish of these
monuments.

The dome rests on a sloping base, 14 feet in height by 120 in
diameter, having an offset on its summit about 6 feet wide. This,
if we may judge from the representations of topes on the sculptures,
must have been surrounded by a balustrade, and was ascended by a
broad double ramp on one side. It was probably used for processions
encircling the monument, which seem to have been among the most common
Buddhist ceremonials. The centre of this great mound is quite solid,
being composed of bricks laid in mud; but the exterior is faced with
dressed stones. Over these was laid a coating of cement nearly 4 inches
in thickness, which was, no doubt, originally adorned either with
painting or ornaments in relief.

The fence by which this tope is surrounded is extremely curious. It
consists of stone posts 8 ft. 8 in. high, and little more than 2 ft.
apart. These are surmounted by a plain architrave, 2 ft. 4 in. deep,
slightly rounded at the top. So far this enclosure resembles the outer
circle at Stonehenge; but between every two uprights three horizontal
cross-pieces of stone are inserted of an elliptical form, of the same
depth as the top piece, but only 9 in. thick in the thickest part. This
is the only _built_ example yet discovered of an architectural ornament
which is found _carved_ in every cave, and, indeed, in almost every
ancient Buddhist building known in India. The upright posts or pillars
of this enclosure bear inscriptions indicating that they were all given
by different individuals. But neither these nor any other inscriptions
found in the whole tope, nor in the smaller topes surrounding it
(though there are as many as 250 inscriptions in all), contain any
known name, or any clue to their age.

Still more curious, however, than even the stone railing are the four
gateways. One of these is shown in our view. It consists of two square
pillars, covered with sculptures, with bold elephant capitals, rising
to a height of 18 ft. 4 in.; above this are three lintels, slightly
curved upwards in the centre, and ending in Ionic scrolls; they are
supported by continuations of the columns, and three uprights inserted
in the spaces between the lintels. They are covered with elaborate
sculptures, and surmounted by emblems. The total height is 33 ft. 6 in.
One gateway has fallen, and if removed to this country would raise the
character of Indian sculpture, as nothing comparable to it has yet been
transported from that part of the world to Europe.


BURIAL PLACES OF DISTINGUISHED MEN.

Chaucer was buried in the cloisters of Westminster Abbey, _without_
the building, but removed to the south aisle in 1555; Spenser lies
near him. Beaumont, Drayton, Cowley, Denham, Dryden, Howe, Addison,
Prior, Congreve, Gray, Johnson, Sheridan, and Campbell, all lie within
Westminster Abbey. Shakspeare, as every one knows, was buried in the
chancel of the church at Stratford, where there is a monument to his
memory. Chapman and Shirley are buried at St. Giles'-in-the-Fields;
Marlow, in the churchyard of St. Paul's, Deptford; Fletcher and
Massinger, in the churchyard of St. Saviour's, Southwark; Dr. Donne, in
Old St. Paul's; Edward Waller, in Beaconsfield churchyard; Milton, in
the churchyard of St. Giles', Cripplegate; Butler, in the churchyard
of St. Paul's, Covent Garden; Otway, no one knows where; Garth, in the
churchyard at Harrow; Pope, in the church at Twickenham; Swift, in St.
Patrick's, Dublin; Savage, in the churchyard of St. Peter's, Dublin;
Parnell, at Chester, where he died on his way to Dublin; Dr. Young, at
Welwyn, in Hertfordshire, of which place he was the rector; Thomson,
in the churchyard at Richmond, in Surrey; Collins, in St. Andrew's
Church, at Chichester; Gray, in the churchyard at Stoke-Pogis, where
he conceived his "Elegy;" Goldsmith, in the churchyard of the Temple
Church; Falconer, at sea, with "all ocean for his grave;" Churchill,
in the churchyard of St. Martin's, Dover; Cowper, in the church at
Dereham; Chatterton, in a churchyard belonging to the parish of St.
Andrew's, Holborn; Burns, in St. Michael's churchyard, Dumfries; Byron,
in the church of Hucknall, near Newstead; Crabbe, at Trowbridge;
Coleridge, in the church at Highgate; Sir Walter Scott, in Dryburgh
Abbey; Southey, in Crosthwaite Church, near Keswick.


A REGAL HUNTING PARTY.

The following is an account of the destruction of game in Bohemia, by
a hunting party of which the Emperor Francis made one, in 1755. There
were twenty-three persons in the party, three of whom were ladies;
the Princess Charlotte of Lorraine was one of them. The chase lasted
eighteen days, and during that time they killed 47,950 head of game,
and wild deer; of which 19 were stags, 77 roebucks, 10 foxes, 18,243
hares, 19,545 partridges, 9,499 pheasants, 114 larks, 353 quails, 454
other birds. The Emperor fired 9,798 shots, and the Princess Charlotte
9,010; in all, there were 116,209 shots fired.


ANTIPATHIES.

Certain antipathies appear to depend upon a peculiarity of the senses.
The horror inspired by the odour of certain flowers may be referred to
this cause. Amatus Lusitanus relates the case of a monk who fainted
when he beheld a rose, and never quitted his cell when that flower
was blooming. Scaliger mentions one of his relations who experienced
a similar horror when seeing a lily. In these instances it is not the
agreeableness or the offensive nature of the aroma that inspires the
repugnance; and Montaigne remarked on this subject, that there were men
who dreaded an apple more than a musket-ball. Zimmerman tells us of a
lady who could not endure the feeling of silk and satin, and shuddered
when touching the velvety skin of a peach. Boyle records the case of
a man who felt a natural abhorrence to honey. Without his knowledge,
some honey was introduced in a plaster applied to his foot, and the
accidents that resulted compelled his attendants to withdraw it. A
young man was known to faint whenever he heard the servant sweeping.
Hippocrates mentions one Nicanor who swooned whenever he heard a
flute: our Shakspeare has alluded to the effects of the bagpipe. Julia
daughter of Frederick, king of Naples, could not taste meat without
serious accidents. Boyle fainted when he heard the splashing of water;
Scaliger turned pale at the sight of water-cresses; Erasmus experienced
febrile symptoms when smelling fish; the Duke d'Epernon swooned on
beholding a leveret, although a hare did not produce the same effect.
Tycho Brahe fainted at the sight of a fox, Henry the Third of France
at that of a cat, and Marshal d'Albert at a pig. The horror that whole
families entertain of cheese is generally known. Many individuals
cannot digest, or even retain certain substances, such as rice, wine,
various fruits, and vegetables.


A YOUNG BUT CRUEL MURDERESS.

On the 3d of July, 1772, was executed at Lisbon, pursuant to her
sentence, Louisa de Jesus, for the murder of the thirty-three infants,
that were at different times committed to her care by the Directors
of the Foundling Hospital at Coimbra; for which (as appears by the
sentence published) she had no other inducement but six hundred reals
in money, a coverda of baize, and a cradle, that she received with each
of them. She was but twenty-two years of age when executed. Going to
execution, she was pinched with hot irons, and at the gallows her hands
were struck off; she was then strangled, and her body burnt.


BECTIVE ABBEY.

Bective Abbey, the ruins of which form the subject of the annexed
engraving differs in its general arrangement from every other monastic
structure in the kingdom. It was, in fact, a monastic castle, and,
previous to the use of artillery, must have been regarded as a place of
great strength. It is for this reason that we select it as one of our
"Wonderful Things."

[Illustration [++] Bective Abbey.]

The ruins are in the immediate neighbourhood of Trim, and about thirty
miles from Dublin.

The ruins combine a union of ecclesiastical with military and domestic
architecture in a remarkable degree. Their chief feature is a strong
battlemented tower, the lower compartment of which is vaulted, placed
at the south-west corner of the quadrangular space occupied by the
various buildings, and in the centre of which the cloisters remain
in excellent preservation. The cloister arches are late in the first
pointed style, and are cinque-foiled. The featherings are mostly
plain, but several are ornamented with flowers or leaves, and upon
one a hawk-like bird is sculptured. A fillet is worked upon each of
the clustered shafts, by which the openings are divided, and also
upon their capitals. The bases, which are circular, rest upon square
plinths, the angles of which are ornamented with a leaf, as it were,
growing out of the base of the moulding.

Of the church there are scarcely any remains. As the northern wall
of the cloister is pierced with several windows, which have now the
appearance of splaying externally, it is extremely probable that it
also served as the south wall of the church, no other portion of which
can at present be identified. Those buildings which were for the most
part devoted to domestic purposes are for the most part situated upon
the east side of the quadrangle. Their architectural details are of a
character later than those of the tower and of the other portions, but
additions and alterations have evidently been made.


NOVEL MODE OF CELEBRATION.

Upon the occasion of the christening of the 21st child of Mr. Wright,
of Widaker, near Whitehaven, by the same woman, in the year 1767, the
company came from 21 parishes, and the entertainment consisted of 21
pieces of beef, 21 legs of mutton and lamb, 21 gallons of brandy, three
times 21 gallons of strong ale, three times 21 fowls, roasted and
boiled, 21 pies, &c.


ANTIQUE HEAD ORNAMENT.

[Illustration [++] Bronze Head Ornament.]

The annexed engraving represents an exceedingly beautiful bronze
relic, apparently of the class of head rings, in the collection of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, which was discovered in the year
1747, about seven feet below the surface, when digging for a well, at
the east end of the village of Stitchel, in the county of Roxburgh.
It bears a resemblance in some respects to relics of the same class
in the Christiansborg Palace, yet nothing exactly similar to it has
yet been found among Scandinavian relics; while some of its ornamental
details closely correspond to those which characterize the British
horse furniture and other native relics of this period. One of its most
remarkable peculiarities is, that it opens and shuts by means of a
hinge, being clasped when closed by a pin which passes through a double
catch at a line intersecting the ornament; and so perfect is it that
it can still be opened and secured with ease. It is probable that this
also should rank among the ornaments of the head, though it differs
in some important respects from any other object of the same class.
The oval which it forms is not only too small to encircle the head,
but it will be observed from the engraving that its greatest length is
from side to side, the internal measurements being five and nine-tenth
inches by five and one-tenth inches.


RELICS.

At the commencement of the seventeenth century there was a crucifix
belonging to the Augustine friars at Burgos in Spain, which produced a
revenue of nearly seven thousand crowns per annum. It was found upon
the sea, not far from the coast, with a scroll of parchment appended
to it, descriptive of the various virtues it possessed. The image
was provided with a false beard and a chesnut periwig, which its holy
guardians declared were natural, and they also assured all pious
visitors that on every Friday it sweated blood and water into a silver
basin. In the garden of this convent grew a species of wheat, the grain
of which was peculiarly large, and which its possessors averred was
brought by Adam out of Paradise. Of this wheat they made small cakes
called pançillos, kneaded with the aforesaid blood and water, and
sold them to the credulous multitude for a quartillo a piece. These
cakes were an infallible remedy for all disorders, and over those
who carried them the devil had no power. They sold also blue ribands
of the exact length of the crucifix, for about a shilling each, with
this inscription in silver letters, "La madi del santo crucifisco de
Burgos." These ribands were a sovereign cure for the headache.


LONG MEG AND HER DAUGHTERS.

As there is something remarkable or out of the way in this family of
heavy stone, we present it to the reader. This venerable Druidical
monument, which is by the country-people called Long Meg and her
Daughters, stands near Little Salkeld, in the county of Cumberland.
It consists of 67 massy stones, of different sorts and sizes, ranged
in a circle of nearly 120 paces diameter; some of these stones are
granite, some blue and grey limestone, and others flint; many of them
are ten feet high, and fifteen or sixteen feet in circumference:
these are called Long Meg's Daughters. On the southern side of this
circle, about seventeen or eighteen paces out of the line, stands the
stone called Long Meg, which is of that kind of red stone found about
Penrith. It is so placed, that each of its angles faces one of the
cardinal points of the compass; it measures upwards of eighteen feet
in height, and fifteen feet in girth; its figure is nearly that of a
square prism; it weighs about sixteen tons and a half. In the part
of the circle the most contiguous, four large stones are placed in a
square form, as if they had been intended to support an altar; and
towards the east, west, and north, two large stones stand a greater
distance from each other than any of the rest, seemingly to form the
entrances into a circle. It is remarkable that no stone-quarry is to
be found hereabouts. The appearance of this circle is much hurt by
a stone wall built across it, that cuts off a considerable segment,
which stands in the road. The same ridiculous story is told of these
stones, as of those at Stonehenge, _i. e._, that it is impossible to
count them, and that many persons who have made the trial, could never
find them amount twice to the same number. It is added, that this was
a holy place, and that Long Meg and her Daughters were a company of
witches transformed into stones, on the prayers of some saint, for
venturing to prophane it; but when, and by whom, the story does not
say. Thus has tradition obscurely, and clogged with fable, handed down
the destination of this spot, accompanied with some of that veneration
in which it was once undoubtedly held, though not sufficiently to
protect its remains from the depredations of avarice; the inclosure
and cultivation of the ground bidding fair to destroy them. These
stones are mentioned by Camden, who was either misinformed as to, or
mis-reckoned their number; unless, which seems improbable, some have
been taken away. "At Little Salkeld, (says he,) there is a circle of
stones seventy-seven in number, each ten feet high; and before these,
at the entrance, is a single one by itself, fifteen feet high. This the
common people call Long Meg, and the rest her Daughters; and within
the circle, are two heaps of stones, under which they say there are
dead bodies buried; and, indeed, it is probable enough that this has
been a monument erected in memory of some victory." The history of the
British Druidical Antiquities having been thoroughly investigated,
since Camden's time, these circles are now universally agreed to have
been temples and places of judgment, and not sepulchral monuments.
Indeed his editor has, in some measure, rectified his mistake, by the
following addition: "But, as to the heaps in the middle, they are no
part of the monument, but have been gathered off the ploughed lands
adjoining; and (as in many other parts of the county) thrown up here in
a waste corner of the field; and as to the occasion of it, both this,
and the Rolrick stones in Oxfordshire, are supposed by many, to have
been monuments erected at the solemn investiture of some Danish Kings,
and of the same kind as the Kingstolen in Denmark, and Moresteen in
Sweden; concerning which, several large discourses have been written."


CURIOUS PARTICULARS RELATIVE TO DRESS AT THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE
FIFTEENTH CENTURY.

Cloth of gold, satin, and velvet, enriched by the florid decorations
of the needle, were insufficient to satisfy the pride of nobles; robes
formed of these costly materials were frequently ornamented with
embroidery of goldsmiths' work, thickly set with precious stones;
and the most absurd and fantastic habits were continually adopted,
in the restless desire to appear in new inventions. John of Ghent is
represented in a habit divided straight down the middle, one side
white, the other half dark blue; and his son, Henry IV., on his
return from exile, rode in procession through London in a jacket of
cloth-of-gold, "after the German fashion." The dukes and earls who
attended his coronation wore three bars of ermine on the left arm, a
quarter of a yard long, "or thereabouts;" the barons had but two: and
over the monarch's head was borne a canopy of blue silk, supported by
silver staves, with four gold bells, "that rang at the corners." "Early
in the reign of Richard II. began," says Stowe, "the detestable use of
piked shoes, tied to the knees with chains of silver gilt; also women
used high attire on their heads with piked horns and long training
gowns. The commons also were besotted in excesse of apparel; in wide
surcoates reaching to their loines; some in a garment reaching to their
heels, close before and sprowting out at the sides, so that on the
backe they make men seeme women, and this they call by a ridiculous
name--_gowne_. Their hoodes are little, and tied under the chin."


ECCENTRIC FUNERAL.

Mr. John Oliver, an eccentric miller of Highdown Hill, in Sussex, died,
aged eighty-three, the 27th of May, 1793. His remains were interred
near his mill, in a tomb he had caused to be erected there for that
purpose, near thirty years ago; the ground having been previously
consecrated. His coffin, which he had for many years kept under his
bed, was painted white; and the body was borne by eight men clothed in
the same colour. A girl about twelve years old read the burial service,
and afterwards, on the tomb, delivered a sermon on the occasion, from
Micah 7, 8, 9, before at least two thousand auditors, whom curiosity
had led to see this extraordinary funeral.


EGYPTIAN STANDARDS.

The engraving which we here lay before our friends, represents a group
of Egyptian standards, as they were used in the army in the time of
Pharaoh.

[Illustration [++] Egyptian Standards.]

Each regiment and company had its own peculiar banner or standard,
which were therefore very numerous, and various in their devices. A
beast, bird, or reptile, a sacred boat, a royal name in a cartouche,
or a symbolic combination of emblems, were the most common forms. As
they appear to have been objects of superstitious veneration that were
selected for this purpose, they must have contributed greatly to the
enthusiasm so highly valued in battle; and instances are common in
all history of desponding courage revived, and prodigies of valour
performed, on behalf of those objects which were so identified with
national and personal honour.

Allusions to standards, banners, and ensigns are frequent in the Holy
Scriptures. The four divisions in which the tribes of Israel marched
through the wilderness had each its governing standard, and tradition
has assigned to these ensigns the respective forms of the symbolic
cherubim seen in the vision of Ezekiel and John--that of Judah being
a lion, that of Reuben a man, that of Ephraim an ox, and that of Dan
an eagle. The post of standard-bearer was at all times of the greatest
importance, and none but officers of approved valour were ever chosen
for such a service; hence Jehovah, describing the ruin and discomfiture
which he was about to bring on the haughty King of Assyria, says, "And
they shall be as when a standard-bearer fainteth."


THE SHREW ASH.

[Illustration [++] Shrew Ash.]

At that end of Richmond Park where a gate leads to Mortlake, and near
a cottage in which resides one of the most estimable gentlemen of the
age--Professor Owen--there still lives and flourishes a tree that has
been famous for many ages: it is the Shrew Ash, and the above is a
correct engraving of it. It stands on rising ground, only a few yards
beyond the pond which almost skirts the Professor's lawn. White, in
his Natural History of Selborne, describes a shrew-ash as an ash whose
twigs or branches, when gently applied to the limbs of cattle, will
immediately relieve the pains which a beast suffers from the running
of a shrew-mouse over the part affected; for it is supposed that a
shrew-mouse is of so baleful and deleterious a nature, that wherever it
creeps over a beast, be it horse, cow, or sheep, the suffering animal
is afflicted with cruel anguish, and threatened with the loss of the
use of the limb. Against this evil, to which they were continually
liable, our provident forefathers always kept a shrew-ash at hand,
which, when once medicated, would maintain its virtue for ever. A
shrew-ash was made potent thus:--Into the body of a tree a deep hole
was bored with an auger, and a poor devoted shrew-mouse was thrust in
alive, and plugged in, no doubt with several quaint incantations, long
since forgotten. The shrew-ash in Richmond Park is, therefore, amongst
the few legacies of the kind bequeathed to their country by the wisdom
of our ancestors.

Our readers will perceive that across the hollow of the tree near the
top there is a little bar of wood. The legend runs that were this
bar removed every night, it would be replaced in the same spot every
morning. The superstition is, that if a child afflicted with what the
people in the neighbourhood call "decline," or whooping-cough, or any
infantine disease, is passed nine times up the hollow of that tree, and
over the bar, while the sun is rising, it will recover. If the charm
fails to produce the desired effect, the old women believe that the sun
was too far up, or not up enough. If the child recovers, of course, the
fame of the tree is whispered about. There is a sort of shrew-mother to
every shrew-ash, who acts as guide and teacher to any young mother who
has an afflicted child and believes in the charm. The ash in Richmond
Park is still used, and still firmly believed in.


A DRUM MADE OF HUMAN SKIN.

John Zisca, general of the insurgents who took up arms in the year 1419
against the Emperor Sigismund, to revenge the deaths of John Huss,
and Jerome of Prague, who had been cruelly burnt to death for their
religious tenets, defeated the Emperor in several pitched battles. He
gave orders that, after his death, they should _make a drum of his
skin_; which was most religiously obeyed, and those very remains of
the enthusiastic Zisca proved, for many years, fatal to the Emperor,
who, with difficulty, in the space of sixteen years, recovered Bohemia,
though assisted by the forces of Germany, and the terror of Crusades.
The insurgents were 40,000 in number, and well disciplined.


EARTHQUAKE IN JAMAICA.

The Earthquake of Jamaica, in 1692, is one of the most dreadful that
history has to record. It was attended with a hollow rumbling noise
like that of thunder, and in less than a minute all the houses on one
side of the principal street in the town of Port Royal sank into a
fearful gulf forty fathoms deep, and water came roaring up where the
houses had been. On the other side of the street the ground rose up
and down like the waves of the sea, raising the houses and throwing
them into heaps as it subsided. In another part of the town the street
cracked along all its length, and the houses appeared suddenly twice
as far apart as they were before. In many places the earth opened
and closed again, so that several hundred of these openings were to
be seen at the same time; and as the wretched inhabitants ran out of
their tottering dwellings, the earth opened under their feet, and in
some cases swallowed them up entirely; while in others, the earth
suddenly closing, caught them by the middle, and thus crushed them
to death. In some cases these fearful openings spouted up cataracts
of water, which were attended by a most noisome stench. It is not
possible for any place to exhibit a scene of greater desolation than
the whole island presented at this period. The thundering bellowing
of the distant mountains, the dusky gloom of the sky, and the crash
of the falling buildings gave unspeakable horror to the scene. Such
of the inhabitants as were saved sought shelter on board the ships in
the harbour, and remained there for more than two months, the shocks
continuing with more or less violence every day. When, at length, the
inhabitants were enabled to return, they found the whole face of the
country changed. Very few of the houses which had not been swallowed
up were left standing, and what had been cultivated plantations were
converted into large pools of water. The greater part of the rivers had
been choked up by the falling in of detached masses of the mountains,
and spreading over the valleys, they had changed what was once fertile
soil into morasses, which could only be drained by cutting new channels
for the rivers; while the mountains themselves had changed their shapes
so completely, that it was conjectured that they had formed the chief
seat of the earthquake.


CURIOUS EXTRACTS FROM THE HOUSEHOLD BOOK OF LADY MARY, DAUGHTER OF THE
KING, IN VARIOUS YEARS, FROM THE 28TH TO THE 36TH OF HENRY VIII. ROYAL
MSS. BRIT. MUS.

"Item, geven to George Mountejoye drawing my Layde's Grace to his
Valentine, xl{s}.

"Item, geven amongs the yeomen of the King's guard bringing a Leke to
my Lady's Grace on Saynt David's Day, xv{s}.

"Item, geven to Heywood playeng an enterlude with his children before
my Lady's Grace, xl{s}.

"Item, payed for a yerde and a halfe of damaske for Jane the fole,
vij{s}.

"Item, for shaving of Jane fooles hedde, iiij{d}.

"Payed for a frountlet lost in a wager to my Lady Margaret, iiij{li}.

"Item, payed for a brekefast lost at bolling by my Lady Mary's Grace,
x{s}."


GIVING DOLES.

A bishop of Durham, in the reign of Edward III, had every week
eight quarters of wheat made into bread for the poor, besides his
alms-dishes, fragments from his table, and money given away by him
in journeys. The bishop of Ely, in 1532, fed daily at his gates two
hundred poor persons, and the Lord Cromwell fed the same number.
Edward, earl of Derby, fed upwards of sixty aged poor, besides all
comers, thrice a week, and furnished, on Good Friday, two thousand
seven hundred people with meat, drink, and money. Robert Winchelsey,
archbishop of Canterbury, gave, besides the daily fragments of his
house, on Fridays and Sundays, to every beggar that came to his door,
a loaf of bread of a farthing value; in time of dearth he thus gave
away five thousand loaves, and this charity is said to have cost his
lordship five hundred pounds a year. Over and above this he gave on
every festival day one hundred and fifty pence to as many poor persons,
and he used to send daily meat, drink, and bread unto such as by age
and sickness were not able to fetch alms from his gate; he also sent
money, meat, apparel, &c., to such as he thought wanted the same, and
were ashamed to beg; and, above all, this princely prelate was wont to
take compassion upon such as were by misfortune decayed, and had fallen
from wealth to poor estate. Such acts deserve to be written in letters
of gold.


FEMALE ORNAMENT OF THE IRON PERIOD.

[Illustration [++] Beaded Torc.]

One of the most beautiful neck ornaments of the Teutonic or Iron Period
ever found in Scotland is a beaded torc, discovered by a labourer
while cutting turf in Lochar Moss, Dumfriesshire, about two miles to
the north of Cumlongan Castle; and exhibited by Mr. Thomas Gray, of
Liverpool, at the York meeting of the Archæological Institute. We here
annex an engraving of it. The beads, which measure rather more than
an inch in diameter, are boldly ribbed and grooved longitudinally.
Between every two ribbed beads there is a small flat one formed like
the wheel of a pulley, or the vertebral bone of a fish. The portion
which must have passed round the nape of the neck is flat and smooth
on the inner edge, but chased on the upper side in an elegant incised
pattern corresponding to the ornamentation already described as
characteristic of this period, and bearing some resemblance to that on
the beautiful bronze diadem found at Stitchel in Roxburghshire, figured
on a subsequent page. The beads are disconnected, having apparently
been strung upon a metal wire, as was the case in another example
found in the neighbourhood of Worcester. A waved ornament, chased
along the outer edge of the solid piece, seems to have been designed
in imitation of a cord; the last tradition, as it were, of the string
with which the older necklace of shale or jet was secured. Altogether
this example of the class of neck ornaments, to which Mr. Birch has
assigned the appropriate name of beaded torcs, furnishes an exceedingly
interesting illustration of the development of imitative design, in
contradistinction to the more simple and archaic funicular torc, which,
though continued in use down to a later period, pertains to the epoch
of primitive art.


CURIOUS LANTERN.

In 1602, it is related that Sir John Harrington, of Bath, sent to James
VI King of Scotland, at Christmas, for a new year's gift, a dark
lantern. The top was a crown of pure gold, serving also to cover a
perfume pan; within it was a shield of silver, embossed, to reflect
the light; on one side of which were the sun, moon, and planets, and
on the other side, the story of the birth and passion of Christ, as
it was engraved by David II King of Scotland, who was a prisoner at
Nottingham. On this present, the following passage was inscribed in
Latin--"Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom."


ANCIENT SCANDINAVIAN BROOCH.

[Illustration [++] Shell-Shaped Brooch.]

The characteristic and beautiful ornament, usually designated the
shell-shaped brooch, and equally familiar to Danish and British
antiquaries, belongs to the Scoto-Scandinavian Period. In Scotland many
beautiful examples have been found, several of which are preserved
in the Museum of Scottish Antiquaries. From these we select the one
represented in the annexed engraving, as surpassing in beauty of design
and intricacy of ornament any other example of which we are aware. It
consists, as usual, of a convex plate of metal, with an ornamental
border, surmounted by another convex plate of greater depth, highly
ornamented with embossed and perforated designs, the effect of which
appears to have been further heightened by the lower plate being gilded
so as to show through the open work. In this example the gilding
still remains tolerably perfect. On the under side are the projecting
plates, still retaining a fragment of the corroded iron pin, where it
has turned on a hinge, and at the opposite end the bronze catch into
which it clasped. The under side of the brooch appears to have been
lined with coarse linen, the texture of which is still clearly defined
of the coating of verd antique with which it is now covered. But its
peculiar features consist of an elevated central ornament resembling a
crown, and four intricately-chased projections terminating in horses'
heads. It was found in September, 1786, along with another brooch of
the same kind, lying beside a skeleton, under a flat stone, very near
the surface, above the ruins of a Pictish house or burgh, in Caithness.
It measures nearly four and a half inches in length, by three inches
in breadth, and two and two-fifth inches in height to the top of the
crown. Like many others of the same type, it appears to have been
jewelled. In several examples of these brooches which we have compared,
the lower convex plates so nearly resemble each other, as to suggest
the probability of their having been cast in the same mould, while the
upper plates entirely differ.


STREET CRIES OF MODERN EGYPT.

The cries of the street hawkers in Egypt at the present day are very
singular, and well deserve a place in our repertory of curiosities.
The seller of _tir'mis_ (or lupins) often cries "Aid! O Imba'bee!
aid!" This is understood in two senses: as an invocation for aid
to the sheykh El-Imba'bee, a celebrated Moos'lim saint, buried at
the Imba'beh, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Cairo; in the
neighbourhood of which village the best tir'mis is grown; and also as
implying that it is through the aid of the saint above mentioned that
the tir'mis of Imba'beh is so excellent. The seller of this vegetable
also cries, "The tir'mis of Imba'beh surpasses the almond!" Another
cry of the seller of tir'mis is, "O how sweet are the little children
of the river!" This last cry, which is seldom heard but in the country
towns and villages of Egypt, alludes to the manner in which the tir'mis
is prepared for food. To deprive it of its natural bitterness, it is
soaked, for two or three days, in a vessel full of water; then boiled,
and, after this, sewed up in a basket of palm-leaves (called _furd_),
and thrown into the Nile, where it is left to soak again, two or three
days; after which, it is dried, and eaten cold, with a little salt. The
seller of sour limes cries, "God make them light [or easy of sale]!
O limes!" The toasted pips of a kind of melon called '_abdalla'wee_,
and of the water-melon, are often announced by the cry of "O consoler
of the embarrassed! O pips!" though more commonly, by the simple cry
of "Roasted pips!" A curious cry of the seller of a kind of sweetmeat
(hhala'wee), composed of treacle fried with some other ingredients,
is, "For a nail! O sweetmeat!" He is said to be half a thief: children
and servants often steal implements of iron, &c., from the house in
which they live, and give them to him in exchange for his sweetmeat.
The hawker of oranges cries, "Honey! O oranges! Honey!" and similar
cries are used by the sellers of other fruits and vegetables; so that
it is sometimes impossible to guess what the person announces for sale;
as, when we hear the cry of "Sycamore-figs! O grapes!" excepting by
the rule that what is for sale is the least excellent of the fruits,
&c., mentioned; as sycamore-figs are not so good as grapes. A very
singular cry is used by the seller of roses: "The rose was a thorn:
from the sweat of the Prophet it opened [its flowers]." This alludes
to a miracle related of the Prophet. The fragrant flowers of the
hhen'na-tree (or Egyptian privet) are carried about for sale, and the
seller cries, "Odours of paradise! O flowers of the hhen'na!" A kind of
cotton cloth, made by machinery which is put in motion by a bull, is
announced by the cry of "The work of the bull! O maidens!"


THE BLACK PESTILENCE.

The black pestilence of the fourteenth century caused the most terrific
ravages in England. It has been supposed to have borne some resemblance
to the cholera, but that is not the case; it derived its name from
the dark, livid colour of the spots and boils that broke out upon
the patient's body. Like the cholera, the fatal disease appeared to
have followed a regular route in its destructive progress; but it did
not, like the cholera, advance westward, although, like that fearful
visitation, it appears to have originated in Asia.

The black pestilence descended along the Caucasus to the shores of the
Mediterranean, and, instead of entering Europe through Russia, first
appeared over the south, and, after devastating the rest of Europe,
penetrated into that country. It followed the caravans, which came
from China across Central Asia, until it reached the shores of the
Black Sea; thence it was conveyed by ships to Constantinople, the
centre of commercial intercourse between Asia, Europe, and Africa. In
1347 it reached Sicily and some of the maritime cities of Italy and
Marseilles. During the following year it spread over the northern part
of Italy, France, Germany, and England. The northern kingdoms of Europe
were invaded by it in 1349, and finally Russia in 1351--four years
after it had appeared in Constantinople.

The following estimate of deaths was considered far below the actual
number of victims:--

  Florence lost                  60,000 inhabitants
  Venice     "                   10,000      "
  Marseilles "  in one month     56,000      "
  Paris      "        "          50,000      "
  Avignon    "        "          60,000      "
  Strasburg  "        "          16,000      "
  Basle      "        "          14,000      "
  Erfurth    "        "          16,000      "
  London     "        "         100,000      "
  Norwich    "        "          50,000      "

Hecker states that this pestilence was preceded by great commotion
in the interior of the globe. About 1333, several earthquakes and
volcanic eruptions did considerable injury in upper Asia, while in the
same year, Greece, Italy, France, and Germany suffered under similar
disasters. The harvests were swept away by inundations, and clouds of
locusts destroyed all that floods had spared, while dense masses of
offensive insects strewed the land.

As in the recent invasion of cholera, the populace attributed this
scourge to poison and to the Jews, and these hapless beings were
persecuted and destroyed wherever they could be found. In Mayence,
after vainly attempting to defend themselves, they shut themselves up
in their quarters, where 1,200 of them burnt to death. The only asylum
found by them was Lithuania, where Casimir afforded them protection;
and it is, perhaps, owing to this circumstance that so many Jewish
families are still to be found in Poland.


THE DUCHESS OF LAUDERDALE.

Few mansions are more pleasantly situated than Ham House, the dwelling
of the Tollemaches, Earls of Dysart. It stands on the south bank of
the Thames, distant about twelve miles from London, and immediately
opposite to the pretty village of Twickenham. It was erected early in
the seventeenth century; the date 1610 still stands on the door of
the principal entrance. Its builder was Sir Thomas Vavasour, and it
subsequently came into the possession of Katherine, daughter of the
Earl of Dysart, who married first Sir Lionel Tollemache, and for her
second husband Earl, afterwards Duke, of Lauderdale.

The Duchess of Lauderdale was one of the "busiest" women of the busy
age in which she lived. Burnet insinuates that, during the life time
of her first husband, "she had been in a correspondence with Lord
Lauderdale that had given occasion for censure." She succeeded in
persuading him that he was indebted for his escape after "Worcester
fight" to "her intrigues with Cromwell. She was a woman," continues
the historian, "of great beauty, but of far greater parts. She had
a wonderful quickness of apprehension, and an amazing vivacity in
conversation. She had studied, not only divinity and history, but
mathematics and philosophy. She was violent in everything she set
about,--a violent friend, but a much more violent enemy. She had
a restless ambition, lived at a vast expense, and was ravenously
covetous, and would have stuck at nothing by which she might compass
her ends." Upon the accession of her husband to political power after
the Restoration, "all applications were made to her. She took upon her
to determine everything; she sold all places; and was wanting in no
method that could bring her money, which she lavished out in a most
profuse vanity."

This Duchess of Lauderdale--famous during the reigns of four
monarchs--the First and Second James, and the First and Second Charles,
and through the Protectorship of Cromwell--refurnished the house at
Ham, where she continued to reside until her death at a very advanced
age.

Among other untouched relics of gone-by days, is a small ante-chamber,
where, it is said, she not only condescended to receive the second
Charles, but, if tradition is to be credited, where she "cajoled"
Oliver Cromwell. There still remains the chair in which she used to
sit, her small walking cane, and a variety of objects she was wont to
value and cherish as memorials of her active life, and the successful
issue of a hundred political intrigues.

[Illustration [++] Chair of the Duchess of Lauderdale.]


MODERN EGYPTIAN MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.

[Illustration: Sa'ga't (1), Ta'r (2), and Dar'abook'keh (3).]

The durwee'shes, who constitute a sort of religious mendicant order in
Egypt, often make use of, in their processions and in begging, a little
tubl, or kettle-drum, called _ba'z_; six or seven inches in diameter;
which is held in the left hand, by a little projection in the centre
of the back, and beaten by the right hand, with a short leather strap,
or a stick. They also use cymbals, which are called _ka's_, on similar
occasions. The ba'z is used by the Moosahh'hhir, to attract attention
to his cry in the nights of Rum'ada'n. Castanets of brass, called
_sa'ga't_ are used by the public female and male dancers. Each dancer
has two pairs of these instruments. They are attached, each by a loop
of string, to the thumb and second finger, and have a more pleasing
sound than castanets of wood or ivory. There are two instruments which
are generally found in the hharee'm of a person of moderate wealth,
and which the women often use for their diversion. One of these is
a tambourine, called _ta'r_, of which we insert an engraving. It is
eleven inches in diameter. The hoop is overlaid with mother-of-pearl,
tortoise-shell, and white bone, or ivory, both without and within, and
has ten circular plates of brass attached to it, each two pairs having
a wire passing through their centres. The ta'r is held by the left or
right hand, and beaten with the fingers of that hand and by the other
hand. The fingers of the hand which holds the instrument, striking only
near the hoop, produce higher sounds than the other hand, which strikes
in the centre. A tambourine of a larger and more simple kind than that
here described, without the metal plates, is often used by the lower
orders. The other instrument alluded to in the commencement of this
paragraph is a kind of drum, called _dar'abook'keh_. The best kind is
made of wood, covered with mother-of-pearl and tortoise-shell, &c. One
of this description is here represented with the ta'r. It is fifteen
inches in length, covered with a piece of fishes' skin at the larger
extremity, and open at the smaller. It is placed under the left arm;
generally suspended by a string that passes over the left shoulder; and
is beaten with both hands.


REMARKABLE OAKS.

The oaks most remarkable for their horizontal expansion, are, according
to Loudon, the following:--"The Three-shire Oak, near Worksop, was
so situated, that it covered part of the three counties of York,
Nottingham, and Derby, and dripped over seven hundred and seventy-seven
square yards. An oak between Newnham Courtney and Clifton shaded a
circumference of five hundred and sixty yards of ground, under which
two thousand four hundred and twenty men might have commodiously
taken shelter. The immense Spread Oak in Worksop Park, near the white
gate, gave an extent, between the ends of its opposite branches, of
an hundred and eighty feet. It dripped over an area of nearly three
thousand square yards, which is above half an acre, and would have
afforded shelter to a regiment of nearly a thousand horse. The Oakley
Oak, now growing on an estate of the Duke of Bedford, has a head of an
hundred and ten feet in diameter. The oak called _Robur Britannicum_,
in the Park, at Rycote, is said to have been extensive enough to cover
five thousand men; and at Ellerslie, in Renfrewshire, the native
village of the hero Wallace, there is still standing 'the old oak
tree,' among the branches of which, it is said, that he and three
hundred of his men hid themselves from the English."


CURIOUS ADVERTISEMENT.

A few years ago the following actually appeared in one of the London
papers: certainly a most economical speculation for the use of soul and
body:--

"Wanted, for a family who have bad health, a sober, steady person,
in the capacity of doctor, surgeon, apothecary, and man-midwife. He
must occasionally act as butler, and dress hair and wigs. He will
be required sometimes to read prayers, and to preach a sermon every
Sunday. A good salary will be given."


CHANGES OF MOUNT ETNA.

Signor Maria Gemmellario has given, from a meteorological journal kept
at Catania, a very interesting view of the successive changes of Mount
Etna, at a period in which it was in the phase of moderate activity;
and no description could convey so accurate a conception of the
ever-changing phenomena.

On the 9th of February, 1804, there was a sensible earthquake. Etna
smoked ninety-seven days, but there was no eruption nor any thunder.

On the 3rd of July, 1805, there was an earthquake. Etna smoked
forty-seven days, and emitted flame twenty-eight days. There was an
eruption in June, but no thunder.

There were earthquakes on the 27th of May and 10th of October, 1806.
The mountain smoked forty-seven days, flamed seven, and detonated
twenty-eight: little thunder.

On the 24th of February and 25th of November, 1807, there were
earthquakes. Etna smoked fifty-nine days: little thunder.

In August, September, and December, 1808, earthquakes were frequent.
Etna smoked twelve days, flamed one hundred and two, and often
detonated. Thunder storms were frequent.

From January to May, and during September and December, 1809, there
were thirty-seven earthquakes. The most sensible shock was on the 27th
of March, when the mountain ejected lava on the western side. This
eruption lasted thirteen days, and part of the Bosco di Castiglione was
injured. The mountain smoked one hundred and fifty-two days, flamed
three, and detonated eleven. Little thunder.

On the 16th and 17th of February, 1810, there were four earthquakes.
On the 27th of October, Etna was in a state of eruption on the eastern
side, and the lava flowed into the Valle del Bue. There were about
twenty thunder storms.

1811, no earthquakes, but the mountain continued until the 24th of
April to eject lava from the east. At this time the Mount St. Simon was
formed. No thunder.

Earthquake on the 3rd and 13th of March, 1813. The mountain smoked
twenty-eight days. On the 30th of June, and on the 5th of August, St.
Simon smoked. There were twenty-one thunder storms.

On the 3rd of November, 1814, there was an earthquake, preceded by a
discharge of sand from that part of the mountain called Zoccolaro.
There were twelve thunder storms.

On the 6th of September, 1815, there was an earthquake. The mountain
smoked forty-two days, and there were eleven thunder storms. On the
6th, 7th, and 11th of January the lightning was tremendous.

1816, no earthquakes. On the 13th of August a part of the interior side
of the crater fell in. Ten thunder storms.

There was an earthquake on the 18th of October, 1817. The mountain
smoked twenty-two days. There were eight thunder storms.

During 1818 there were twenty-five earthquakes. The most violent was
in the neighbourhood of Catania, on the 20th of February. The mountain
smoked twenty-four days. No thunder.


CHARITY INSTEAD OF POMP.

According to the "Annual Register" for August, 1760, there were
expended at the funeral of Farmer Keld, of Whitby, in that year, one
hundred and ten dozen of penny loaves, eight large hams, eight legs
of veal, twenty stone of beef (fourteen pounds to the stone), sixteen
stone of mutton, fifteen stone of Cheshire cheese, and thirty ankers of
ale, besides what was distributed to about one thousand poor people,
who had sixpence each in money given them.


THE BEDFORD MISSAL.

One of the most celebrated books in the annals of bibliography, is the
richly illuminated Missal, executed for John, Duke of Bedford, Regent
of France, under Henry VI.; by him it was presented to that king, in
1430. This rare volume is eleven inches long, seven and a-half wide,
and two and a-half thick; contains fifty-nine large miniatures, which
nearly occupy the whole page, and above a thousand small ones, in
circles of about an inch and a-half diameter, displayed in brilliant
borders of golden foliage, with variegated flowers, etc.; at the bottom
of every page are two lines in blue and gold letters, which explain the
subject of each miniature. This relic, after passing through various
hands, descended to the Duchess of Portland, whose valuable collection
was sold by auction, in 1786. Among its many attractions was the
Bedford Missal. A knowledge of the sale coming to the ears of George
III., he sent for his bookseller, and expressed his intention to become
the purchaser. The bookseller ventured to submit to his majesty the
probable high price it would fetch. "How high?" exclaimed the king.
"Probably, two hundred guineas," replied the bookseller. "Two hundred
guineas for a Missal!" exclaimed the queen, who was present, and
lifted her hands up with astonishment. "Well, well," said his majesty,
"I'll have it still; but since the queen thinks two hundred guineas
so enormous a price for a Missal, I'll go no further." The biddings
for the Royal Library did actually stop at that point; a celebrated
collector, Mr. Edwards, became the purchaser by adding three pounds
more. The same Missal was afterwards sold at Mr. Edwards' sale, in
1815, and purchased by the Duke of Marlborough, for the enormous sum of
£637 l5s. sterling.


CALICINATED RINGS.

[Illustration [++] Calicinated Ring.]

There is a particular class of antique gold ornaments, belonging to
the Bronze Period, which is deserving of especial attention, from
the circumstance that the British Isles is the only locality in
which it has yet been discovered. These ornaments consist of a solid
cylindrical gold bar, beat into a semicircle or segmental arc, most
frequently tapering from the centre, and terminated at both ends with
hollow cups, resembling the mouth of a trumpet, or the expanded calix
of a flower. A remarkable example of these curious native relics is
engraved in the "Archæological Journal." The cups are formed merely by
hollows in the slightly dilated ends; but it is further interesting
from being decorated with the style of incised ornaments of most
frequent occurrence on the primitive British pottery. It was dug up at
Brahalish, near Bantry, county Cork, and weighs 3 oz. 5 dwts. 6 grs.
In contrast to this, another is engraved in the same journal, found
near the entrance lodge at Swinton Park, Yorkshire, scarcely two feet
below the surface. In this beautiful specimen the terminal cups are
so unusually large, that the solid bar of gold dwindles into a mere
connecting-link between them. The annexed figure of a very fine example
found by a labourer while cutting peats in the parish of Cromdale,
Inverness-shire, somewhat resembles that of Swinton Park in the size of
its cups. It is from a drawing by the late Sir Thomas Dick Lauder, and
represents it about one-half the size of the original. Similar relics
of more ordinary proportions have been brought to light, at different
times, in various Scottish districts.


EXTRAORDINARY CRICKET MATCHES.

Every day in summer wagers are made at Lord's cricket ground, upon
matches there to be played; but there have been more extraordinary
matches elsewhere relative to this exercising game; for a cricket match
was played on Blackheath, in the year 1766, between eleven Greenwich
pensioners who had lost each an arm, and eleven others who had lost
each a leg. The former won with ease. And again, on the 9th of August,
1796, a cricket match was played by eleven Greenwich pensioners with
one leg, against eleven with one arm, for one thousand guineas, at the
new cricket ground, Montpelier gardens, Walworth. At nine o'clock
the men arrived in three Greenwich stages; about twelve the wickets
were pitched, and they commenced. Those with but one leg had the first
innings, and got 93 runs; those with but one arm got but 42 runs
during their innings. The one-leg commenced their second innings, and
six were bowled out after they had got 60 runs; so that they left off
one hundred and eleven more than those with one arm. Next morning the
match was played out; and the men with one leg beat the one-arms by
one hundred and three runs. After the match was finished the eleven
one-legged men ran a sweep-stakes of one hundred yards distance for
twenty guineas, and the three first had prizes.


MUMMY CASES.

[Illustration [++] Mummy Cases.]

The annexed engraving represents a set of Egyptian mummy cases, several
of which were used for the interment of one body, the smaller one being
enclosed within the larger. On the death of a king in Egypt, "three
score and ten days" was the period that intervened from his departure
to the termination of the embalming operations; the earlier and more
important of which, exclusive of the soaking in natron, occupied forty
days. The coffin, or wooden case, in which the embalmed body of Joseph
was preserved, till at the exodus it was carried from Egypt, was,
doubtless, of such a form and appearance as those with which we are
familiar at our museums. An account of some specimens of these, and
of the internal shells which were considered requisite for persons of
rank, will be read with interest.

Before the better kind of mummies were put into their wooden cases,
they were placed in a shell in the following manner:--Nine thick layers
of hempen or linen cloth were well gummed together, so as to make a
strong flexible kind of board, something like a piece of papier mâché.
This was formed into the shape of the swathed mummy, which was inserted
in it by means of a longitudinal aperture on the under side, reaching
from the feet to the head. The two sides of this long aperture were
then drawn together by a coarse kind of stitching, done with a large
needle and thin hempen cord. The inside of this hempen case was covered
with a thin coating of plaster, and the outside was also covered with
a similar sort of plaster, on which were painted rude figures of
beetles, ibides, &c., &c., apparently with ochrous earths tempered
with water; they could be easily rubbed off with the finger, except
where they were fixed by an outer coating of gum. On the upper part of
this case a human face was represented, and for the purpose of giving
additional strength and firmness to that part of the hempen covering, a
considerable quantity of earth and plaster was stuck on the inside, so
that it would be more easy to mould the material on the outside, while
still flexible, into a resemblance of the human form. The face was
covered with a strong varnish, to keep the colour fixed. The outer case
was generally made of the Egyptian fig-sycamore wood, and the parts of
it were fastened together with wooden pegs. This wood was used by the
Egyptians for a variety of purposes, as we find even common domestic
utensils made of it. The pegs of the sycamore cases were not always of
the sycamore wood, which, when cut thin, would hardly be so suitable as
some more closely-grained wood; the pegs, therefore, of the inner cases
were of a different wood, generally of cedar. Bodies embalmed in the
highest style of fashion, had, in addition to the inner coffin which we
have described, an outer wooden box, such as Herodotus mentions, with
a human face, male or female, painted on it. Some of these cases were
plain, and others highly ornamented with figures of sacred animals, or
with paintings representing mythological subjects.

The wooden case which contained the body was sometimes cut out of
one piece of wood, and the inside was made smooth, and fit for the
reception of the painted figures, by laying on it a thin coat of fine
plaster. This plaster was also used as a lining for the wooden cases
which were not made of a single piece. There was often a second wooden
case, still more highly ornamented and covered with paintings secured
by a strong varnish. These paintings were intended to embody the ideas
of the Egyptians as to the state of death, the judgment or trial which
preceded the admission into the regions below, and other matters
connected with the ritual of the dead and the process of embalming.

The upper part of each of the wooden cases was made to represent a
human figure, and the sex was clearly denoted by the character of
the head-dress, and the presence or absence of the beard. Both the
head-dress and the ornaments about the neck, as far as the bosom, were
exactly of the same character as those which we see on the sculptures
and paintings. The brief remark of Herodotus, that the friends put the
swathed mummy "into a wooden figure made to resemble the human form,"
is amply borne out.


INSTINCT OF ANIMALS.

Gall and various observers of animals have fully ascertained that the
attention of dogs is awakened by our conversation. He brought one
of these intelligent creatures with him from Vienna to Paris, which
perfectly understood French and German, of which he satisfied himself
by repeating before it whole sentences in both languages. A recent
anecdote has been related of an old ship-dog, that leaped overboard
and swam to shore on hearing the captain exclaim, "Poor old Neptune! I
fear we shall have to drown him!" and such was the horror which that
threat inspired, that he never afterwards would approach the captain
or any of the ship's company, to whom he had previously been fondly
attached. It must, however, be observed that in the brute creation, as
in ours (sometimes more brutal species), peculiar attributes, that do
not belong to the race, distinguish individuals gifted with what in
man we might call a superior intellect, but which in these animals
shows a superiority of what we term instinct. Spurzheim relates an
instance of a cow belonging to Mr. Dupont de Nemours, which, amongst
the whole kindred herd, was the only one that could open the gate
leading to their pastures; and her anxious comrades, when arriving
at the wished-for spot, invariably lowed for their conductor. It is
also related of a hound, who, unable to obtain a seat near the fire
without the risk of quarrelling with the dozing occupants that crowded
the hearth, was wont to run out into the court-yard barking an alarm
that brought away his rivals in comfort, when he quietly re-entered
the parlour, and selected an eligible stretching-place. This animal
displayed as much ingenuity as the traveller who, according to the
well-known story, ordered oysters for his horse for the purpose of
clearing the fireside.


BELL OF ST. MURA.

[Illustration [++] Bell of St. Mura.]

This curious relic, engraved over leaf, two-thirds the size of the
original, is remarkable as a work of art, as well as a genuine
relic of the most venerable antiquity; it was formerly regarded
with superstitious reverence in Ireland, and any liquid drunk from
it was believed to have peculiar properties in alleviating human
suffering; hence, the peasant women of the district in which it was
long preserved, particularly used it in cases of child-birth, and a
serious disturbance was excited on a former attempt to sell it by its
owner. Its legendary history relates that it descended from the sky
ringing loudly; but as it approached the concourse of people who had
assembled at the miraculous warning, the tongue detached itself and
returned towards the skies; hence it was concluded that the bell was
never to be profaned by sounding on earth, but was to be kept for
purposes more holy and beneficent. This is said to have happened on
the spot where once stood the famous Abbey of Fahan, near Innishowen
(County Donegal), founded in the seventh century by St. Mura, or
Muranus, during the reign of Abodh Slaine. For centuries this abbey
was noted as the depository of various valuable objects, which were
held in especial veneration by the people. Amongst these were several
curious manuscripts written by St. Mura, his crozier, and this bell;
which ultimately came into the possession of a poor peasant residing
at Innishowen, who parted with it to Mr. Brown, of Beaumaris, at whose
sale in 1855 it was purchased by Lord Londesborough. The material of
the bell is bronze, and its form quadrangular, resembling other ancient
Irish bells, and leading to the conclusion that it is the genuine
work of the seventh century. The extreme feeling of veneration shown
towards it in various ages is proved by the ornament with which it is
encased. By the accidental removal of one portion of the outer casing,
a series of earlier enrichments were discovered beneath, which were
most probably placed there in the ninth century. The portion disclosed
(the lower right hand corner) consists of a tracery of Runic knots
wrought in brass, and firmly attached to the bell by a thin plate of
gold;--whether the remainder of these early decorations, now concealed,
be similar, cannot be determined without removing the outer plates.
These exterior ornaments consist of a series of detached silver plates
of various sizes diversely embossed in the style known to have
prevailed in the eleventh century. The centre is adorned with a large
crystal, and smaller gems have once been set in other vacant sockets
around it, only one of amber remaining. The two large spaces in front
of the arched top were also most probably filled with precious stones,
as the gold setting still remains entire. The best workmanship has been
devoted to these decorations; the hook for suspending the bell is of
brass, and has been covered with early bronze ornament which has been
filled in with niello, the intervening space being occupied by silver
plates ornamented like the rest of the later decorations which cover
its surface. From the absence of any traces of rivets on the back
or sides of the bell, the decoration it has received may have been
restricted to the casing of the handle and the enrichment of the front
of this venerated relic.


CURIOUSLY-SHAPED DRINKING CUP.

Drinking cups of a fantastic shape were very much in vogue in the
sixteenth century. Sometimes they assumed the shape of birds, sometimes
of animals. In general it is the head that takes off, and serves as
a lid or cover; but sometimes the orifice is in another part of the
body, as, for example, on the back. The specimen now before us is from
Lord Londesborough's collection.

[Illustration [++] Drinking Cup in the Shape of a Stag.]

The stag is of silver, gilt all over; the collar set with a garnet.
Silver bands encircle this curious figure, to which are appended
many small silver escutcheons engraved with the arms and names of
distinguished officers of the Court of Saxe Gotha, the latest being
"Her Von Maagenheim, Camer Juncker und Regierung Assessor in Gotha,
d. 15 Augusti, A{o} 1722." It has probably been a prize for shooting,
successively won by those persons whose arms decorate it.


BANQUETS TO QUEEN ELIZABETH.

Few English sovereigns were so well acquainted with their dominions
as was Queen Elizabeth: she may be said to have visited every corner
of her empire, and in these royal journeys or "progresses," as they
are called, her loyal subjects strove to outvie each other in the
splendour of their receptions. Nothing could surpass the magnificence
of the entertainments thus planned for the queen's gratification,
either as respects the splendour of show, or the costliness of the
more substantial banquet. These occasions are too numerous to mention;
and we can only notice one of the queen's visits to the palace at
Greenwich, as described by a German, who travelled in England in 1598.
It was Sunday, and after attending service in the chapel, the queen
prepared for dinner. A gentleman entered the room bearing a rod, and
with him another bearing a table-cloth, which, after they had both
kneeled three times, he spread upon the table, and after kneeling
again, they both retired: then came two others, one with the rod
again, the other with a salt-cellar, a plate, and bread, which, after
kneeling, they also placed on the table: then came an unmarried and a
married lady, bearing a tasting-knife, and having stooped three times
gracefully, they rubbed the table with bread and salt. Then came the
yeomen of the guard, bringing in, at each time, a course of dishes,
served in plate, most of it gilt; these dishes were received by a
gentleman, and placed upon the table, while the lady-taster gave to
each guard a mouthful to eat of the particular dish he had brought, for
fear of any poison. During the time that this guard (which consisted
of the tallest and stoutest men that could be found in all England,
being carefully selected for this service) were bringing dinner, twelve
trumpets and two kettle-drums made the hall ring for half an hour
together. After this a number of unmarried ladies appeared, who lifted
the meat from the table, and conveyed it to the queen's inner and more
private chamber, where, after she had chosen for herself, the rest was
sent to the ladies of the court. The queen dined and supped alone, with
very few attendants.


THE GREAT FOG OF 1783.

It prevailed over the adjoining continent, and produced much fear that
the end of all things was at hand. It appeared first at Copenhagen on
the 29th of May, reached Dijon on the 14th June, and was perceived
in Italy on the 16th. It was noticed at Spydberg, in Norway, on the
22nd, and at Stockholm two days later; the following day it reached
Moscow. On the 23rd it was felt on the St. Gothard, and at Buda. By
the close of that month it entered Syria; and on the 18th of July,
reached the Altai Mountains. Before its appearance at these places the
condition of the atmosphere was not similar; for in this country it
followed continued rains; in Denmark it succeeded fine weather of some
continuance; and in other places it was preceded by high winds. The sun
at noon looked rusty-red, reminding one of the lines of Milton. The
heat was intense during its continuance, and the atmosphere was highly
electric. Lightnings were awfully vivid and destructive. In England
many deaths arose from this cause, and a great amount of property was
lost. In Germany public edifices were thrown down or consumed by it;
and in Hungary one of the chief northern towns was destroyed by fires,
caused by the electric fluid, which struck it in nine different places.
In France there were hailstones and violent winds. In Silesia there
were great inundations. The dry fogs of 1782-83 were accompanied by
influenza; at St. Petersburgh 40,000 persons were immediately attacked
by it, after the thermometer had suddenly risen 30 degrees. Calabria
and Sicily were convulsed by earthquakes; in Iceland a volcano was
active, and about the same time one sprung out of the sea off Norway.
The co-existence of dry fogs with earthquakes and volcanic eruptions
had been previously observed--_e.g._, in the years 526, 1348, 1721; and
since then, in 1822 and 1834.

A somewhat similar fog overspread London before the cholera of 1831,
and the influenza of 1847. Hecker ("Epidemics of the Middle Ages")
has collected notices of various phenomena of this kind, which
have preceded the great continental plagues, and have often been
characterised by offensive odours.


MONKEYS DEMANDING THEIR DEAD.

Mr. Forbes tells a story of a female monkey (the Semnopithecus
Entellus) who was shot by a friend of his, and carried to his tent.
Forty or fifty of her tribe advanced with menacing gestures, but stood
still when the gentleman presented his gun at them. One, however, who
appeared to be the chief of the tribe, came forward, chattering and
threatening in a furious manner. Nothing short of firing at him seemed
likely to drive him away; but at length he approached the tent door
with every sign of grief and supplication, as if he were begging for
the body. It was given to him, he took it in his arms, carried it away,
with actions expressive of affection, to his companions, and with them
disappeared. It was not to be wondered at that the sportsman vowed
never to shoot another monkey.


BARA.

Mr. Howel, in his descriptive travels through Sicily, gives a
particular account of the magnificent manner in which the festival of
the Assumption of the Virgin is kept by the Sicilians under the title
of Bara, which, although expressive of the machine he describes, is
also, it appears, generally applied as a name of the feast itself.
An immense machine of about 50 feet high is constructed, designing
to represent Heaven; and in the midst is placed a young female
personating the Virgin, with an image of Jesus on her right hand;
round the Virgin 12 little children turn vertically, representing so
many Seraphim, and below them 12 more children turn horizontally,
as Cherubim; lower down in the machine a sun turns vertically, with
a child at the extremity of each of the four principal radii of his
circle, who ascend and descend with his rotation, yet always in an
erect posture; and still lower, reaching within about 7 feet of the
ground, are placed 12 boys, who turn horizontally without intermission
around the principal figure, designing thereby to exhibit the 12
apostles, who were collected from all corners of the earth, to be
present at the decease of the Virgin, and witness her miraculous
assumption. This huge machine is drawn about the principal streets by
sturdy monks; and it is regarded as a particular favour to any family
to admit their children in this divine exhibition.


CRADLE OF HENRY V.

Most of our readers have probably seen, in the illustrated newspapers
of the day, sketches of the magnificently artistic cradles which
have been made for the children of our good Queen, or for the Prince
Imperial of France. It will be not a little curious to contrast with
those elaborately beautiful articles the cradle of a Prince of Wales in
the fourteenth century. We here give a sketch of it.

[Illustration [++] Cradle of Henry V.]

It was made for the use of Henry Prince of Wales, afterwards King
Henry V, generally called Henry of Monmouth, because he was born in
the castle there in the year 1388. He was the son of Henry IV of
Bolingbroke, by his first wife Mary de Bohun. He was educated at
Queen's College, Oxford, under the superintendence of his half uncle,
the great Cardinal Henry Beaufort. On the accession of his father to
the throne, he was created Prince of Wales, and, at the early age
of sixteen, was present at the battle of Shrewsbury, where he was
badly wounded in the face. After having greatly distinguished himself
in the war against Owen Glendour, he spent some years idleness and
dissipation, but on his coming to the throne, by the death of his
father, April 20, 1413, he threw off his former habits and associates,
chose his ministers from among those of tried integrity and wisdom in
his father's cause, and seemed everywhere intent on justice, on victory
over himself, and on the good of his subjects. After a short but
glorious reign of ten years, in which the victory of Agincourt was the
principal event, he expired at the Bois de Vincennes, near Paris, on
the last day of August, 1422, in the thirty-fourth year of his age. He
was engaged at the time in a war with the Dauphin of France. His heart
was warm as his head was cool, and his courage equal to his wisdom,
which emboldened him to encounter the greatest dangers, and surmount
the greatest difficulties His virtues were not inferior to his
abilities, being a dutiful son, a fond parent, an affectionate brother,
a steady and generous friend, and an indulgent master. In a word,
Henry V., though not without his failings, merits the character of an
amiable and accomplished man, and a great and good king. Such was the
sovereign, for whose infant years the plain, but still not tasteless,
cradle was made, which we have here engraved, as it is preserved in the
castle of Monmouth, his birthplace.


THE FONT AT KILCARN.

The venerable old church at Kilcarn, near Navan, in the county of
Meath, contains a font of great rarity, and we have selected it as a
fitting object for our work, inasmuch as it is a striking instance of
the union of the beautiful with the curious.

[Illustration [++] Font at Kilcarn.]

Placed upon its shaft, as represented in the cut, it measures in height
about three feet six inches; the basin is two feet ten inches in
diameter, and thirteen inches deep. The heads of the niches, twelve in
number, with which its sides are carved, are enriched with foliage of
a graceful but uniform character, and the miniature buttresses which
separate the niches are decorated with crockets, the bases resting upon
heads, grotesque animals, or human figures, carved as brackets. The
figures within the niches are executed with a wonderful degree of care,
the drapery being represented with each minute crease or fold well
expressed. They are evidently intended to represent Christ, the Virgin
Mary, and the twelve apostles. All the figures are seated. Our Saviour,
crowned as a King, and holding in his hand the globe and cross, is in
the act of blessing the Virgin, who also is crowned, the "Queen of
Heaven." The figures of most of the apostles can easily be identified:
Saint Peter by his key; Saint Andrew by his cross of peculiar shape;
and so on. They are represented barefooted, and each holds a book in
one hand.


THE BLOOD-SUCKING VAMPIRE.

Captain Stedman, who travelled in Guiana, from 1772 to 1777, published
an account of his adventures, and for several years afterwards it
was the fashion to doubt the truth of his statements. In fact, it
was a general feeling, up to a much later period than the above,
that travellers were not to be believed. As our knowledge, however,
has increased, and the works of God have been made more manifest,
the reputation of many a calumniated traveller has been restored,
and, among others, that of Captain Stedman. We shall, therefore,
unhesitatingly quote his account of the bite of the vampire:--"On
waking, about four o'clock this morning, in my hammock, I was
extremely alarmed at finding myself weltering in congealed blood,
and without feeling any pain whatever. Having started up and run to
the surgeon, with a firebrand in one hand, and all over besmeared
with gore, the mystery was found to be, that I had been bitten by the
vampire or spectre of Guiana, which is also called the flying dog
of New Spain. This is no other than a bat of monstrous size, that
sucks the blood from men and cattle, sometimes even till they die;
knowing, by instinct, that the person they intend to attack is in a
sound slumber, they generally alight near the feet, where, while the
creature continues fanning with his enormous wings, which keeps one
cool, he bites a piece out of the tip of the great toe, so very small
indeed, that the head, of a pin could scarcely be received into the
wound, which is consequently not painful; yet, through this orifice he
contrives to suck the blood until he is obliged to disgorge. He then
begins again, and thus continues mucking and disgorging till he is
scarcely able to fly, and the sufferer has often been known to sleep
from time into eternity. Cattle they generally bite in the ear, but
always in those places where the blood flows spontaneously. Having
applied tobacco-ashes as the best remedy, and washed the gore from
myself and my hammock, I observed several small heaps of congealed
blood all around the place where I had lain upon the ground; upon
examining which, the surgeon judged that I had lost at least twelve or
fourteen ounces during the night. Having measured this creature (one of
the bats), I found it to be, between the tips of the wings, thirty-two
inches and a-half; the colour was a dark brown, nearly black, but
lighter underneath."


LUXURY IN 1562.

The luxury of the present times does not equal, in one article at
least, that of the sixteenth century. Sir Nicholas Throckmorton, the
Queen's ambassador at Paris, in a letter to Sir Thomas Chaloner, the
ambassador at Madrid, in June, 1562, says,

"I pray you good my Lord Ambassador sende me two paire of parfumed
gloves, parfumed with orrange flowers and jacemin, th'one for my
wives hand, the other for mine owne; and wherin soever I can pleasure
you with any thing in this countrey, you shall have it in recompence
thereof, or els so moche money as they shall coste you; provided
alwaies that they be of the best choise, wherein your judgment is
inferior to none."


SINGULAR PHENOMENON--PHOSPHORESCENCE OF THE SEA.

The sea has sometimes a luminous appearance, a phenomenon that has
been observed by all sailors, who consider it the forerunner of windy
weather. It is said to occur most frequently in the summer and autumn
months, and varies so much in its character, as to induce a doubt
whether it can always be attributed to the same cause. Sometimes the
luminous appearance is seen over the whole surface of the water, and
the vessel seems as though floating upon an ocean of light. At other
times, the phosphorescence is only seen immediately around the ship.
A portion of water taken from the sea does not necessarily retain its
luminous appearance, but its brilliance will generally continue as long
as the water is kept in a state of agitation. Some naturalists imagine
the phosphorescence of the sea to arise from the diffusion of an
immense number of animalculæ through the medium, and others attribute
it to electricity. Dr. Buchanan has given an account of a very
remarkable appearance of the sea, observed by him during a voyage from
Johanna to Bombay. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 31st of
July, 1785, the sea had a milk-white colour, and upon it were floating
a multitude of luminous bodies greatly resembling that combination of
stars known as the milky way, the brightest of them representing the
larger stars of a constellation. The whiteness, he says, was such as
to prevent those on board from seeing either the break or swell of
the sea, although, from the motion of the ship and the noise, they
knew them to be violent, and the light was sufficiently intense to
illuminate the ropes and rigging. This singular phenomenon continued
till daylight appeared. Several buckets of water were drawn, and in
them were found a great number of luminous bodies, from a quarter of an
inch to an inch and a half in length, and these were seen to move about
as worms in the water. There might be, he said to Dr. Buchanan, four
hundred of these animals in a gallon of water. A similar appearance had
been observed before in the same sea by several of the officers, and
the gunner had seen it off Java Head, in a voyage to China.


MARRIAGE VOW.

The matrimonial ceremony, like many others, has undergone some
variation in the progress of time. Upwards of three centuries ago,
the husband, on taking his wife, as now, by the right hand, thus
addressed her:--"I. N. _undersygne_ the N. for my wedded wyfe, for
better, for worse, for richer, for porer, yn sickness, and in helthe,
tyl dethe us departe, (not "do part," as we have erroneously rendered
it, the ancient meaning of "departe," even in Wickliffe's time, being
"separate") as holy churche hath ordeyned, and thereto I plygth the my
trowthe." The wife replies in the same form, with an additional clause,
"to be buxom to the, tyl dethe us departe." So it appears in the first
edition of the "Missals for the use of the famous and celebrated Church
of Hereford, 1502," fol. In what is called the "Salisbury Missal," the
lady pronounced a more general obedience: "to be bonere and buxom in
bedde and at the borde."


LOVE OF GARDENS.

Louis XVIII., on his restoration to France, made, in the park in
Versailles, the _facsimile_ of the garden at Hartwell; and there
was no more amiable trait in the life of that accomplished prince.
Napoleon used to say that he should know his father's garden in Corsica
blindfolded, by the smell of the earth! And the hanging-gardens
of Babylon are said to have been raised by the Median Queen of
Nebuchadnezzar on the flat and naked plains of her adopted country,
to remind her of the hills and woods of her childhood. We need not
speak of the plane-trees of Plato--Shakspeare's mulberry-tree--Pope's
willow--Byron's elm? Why describe Cicero at his Tusculum--Evelyn at
Wotton--Pitt at Ham Common--Walpole at Houghton--Grenville at Dropmere?
Why dwell on Bacon's "little tufts of thyme," or Fox's geraniums? There
is a spirit in the garden as well as in the wood, and the "lilies of
the field" supply food for the imagination as well as materials for
sermons.


ANCIENT DANISH SHIELD.

[Illustration [++] Ancient Danish Shield.]

In Asia, from whence the greater number, probably all, of the European
nations have migrated, numerous implements and weapons of copper
have been discovered in a particular class of graves; nay, in some
of the old and long-abandoned mines in that country workmen's tools
have been discovered, made of copper, and of very remote antiquity.
We see, moreover, how at a later period attempts were made to harden
copper, and to make it better suited for cutting implements by a slight
intermixture, and principally of tin. Hence arose that mixed metal
to which the name of "bronze" has been given. Of this metal, then,
the Northmen of "the bronze period" formed their armour, and among
numerous other articles, three shields have been discovered which
are made wholly of bronze; and we here give a sketch of the smallest
of them, which is about nineteen inches in diameter, the other two
being twenty-four. These shields are formed of somewhat thin plates
of bronze, the edge being turned over a thick wire metal to prevent
the sword penetrating too deeply. The handle is formed of a cross-bar,
placed at the reverse side of the centre boss, which is hollowed out
for the purpose of admitting the hand.


SACRED GARDENS.

The origin of sacred gardens among the heathen nations may be traced
up to the garden of Eden. The gardens of the Hesperides, of Adonis, of
Flora, were famous among the Greeks and Romans. "The garden of Flora,"
says Mr. Spence (Polymetis, p. 251), "I take to have been the Paradise
in the Roman mythology. The traditions and traces of Paradise among the
ancients must be expected to have grown fainter and fainter in every
transfusion from one people to another. The Romans probably derived
their notions of it from the Greeks, among whom this idea seems to have
been shadowed out under the stories of the gardens of Alcinous. In
Africa they had the gardens of the Hesperides, and in the East those of
Adonis, or the _Horti Adonis_, as Pliny calls them. The term _Horti
Adonides_ was used by the ancients to signify gardens of pleasure,
which answers to the very name of Paradise, or the garden of Eden, as
_Horti Adonis_ does to the garden of the Lord."


ANCIENT CHAIR OF DAGOBERT.

[Illustration [++] Chair of Dagobert.]

The chair which we here engrave claims to be regarded as a great
curiosity, on two separate grounds: it is the work of an artist who
was afterwards canonized, and it was used by Napoleon I. on a most
important occasion. Towards the close of the sixth century the artists
of France were highly successful in goldsmith's work, and Limoges
appears to have been the principal centre of this industry. It was at
this time that Abbon flourished--a goldsmith and mint-master, with whom
was placed the young Eloy, who rose from a simple artizan to be the
most remarkable man of his century, and whose virtues were rewarded by
canonization. The apprentice soon excelled his master, and his fame
caused him to be summoned to the throne of Clotaire II., for whom
he made two thrones of gold, enriched with precious stones, from a
model made by the king himself, who had not been able to find workmen
sufficiently skilful to execute it. The talents and probity of St.
Eloy also gained him the affection of Dagobert I., who entrusted him
with many important works, and among them, with the construction of
the throne, or chair of state which is the subject of this article. It
is made of bronze, carved and gilded, and is a beautiful specimen of
workmanship. The occupant of the chair would sit upon a cloth of gold
suspended from the two side bars. For a long time it was preserved in
the sacristy of the royal church of St. Denis, at Paris; but it was
subsequently removed to the Great Library, where it now is. It was upon
this chair that Napoleon I., in August, 1804, distributed the crosses
of the Legion of Honour to the soldiers of the army assembled at
Boulogne for the invasion of England. Napoleon caused the chair to be
brought from Paris for the express purpose.


ST GEORGE'S CAVERN.

Near the town of Moldavia, on the Danube, is shown the cavern where St.
George slew the Dragon, from which, at certain periods, issue myriads
of small flies, which tradition reports to proceed from the carcass of
the dragon. They respect neither man nor beast, and are so destructive
that oxen and horses have been killed by them. They are called the
Golubacz's fly. It is thought when the Danube rises, as it does in
the early part of the summer, the caverns are flooded, and the water
remaining in them, and becoming putrid, produces this noxious fly. But
this supposition appears to be worthless, because, some years ago, the
natives closed up the caverns, and still they were annoyed with the
flies. They nearly resemble mosquitoes. In summer they appear in such
swarms as to look like a volume of smoke; and they sometimes cover a
space of six or seven miles. Covered with these insects, horses not
unfrequently gallop about until death puts an end to their sufferings.
Shepherds anoint their hands with a decoction of wormwood, and keep
large fires burning to protect themselves from them. Upon any material
change in the weather the whole swarm is destroyed thereby.


ENGLISH LETTER BY VOLTAIRE.

The subjoined letter is copied literally from the autograph of
Voltaire, formerly in the possession of the Rev. Mr. Sim, the editor of
Mickle's Poems:--

  "Sir,

"j wish you good health, a quick sale of y{r} burgundy, much latin, and
greeke to one of y{r} Children, much Law, much of cooke, and littleton,
to the other. quiet and joy to mistress brinsden, money to all. when
you'll drink y{r} burgundy with m{r} furneze pray tell him j'll never
forget his favours.

But dear john be so kind as to let me know how does my lady
Bollingbroke. as to my lord j left him so well j dont doubt he is so
still. but j am very uneasie about my lady. if she might have as much
health as she has Spirit and witt, sure She would be the strongest body
in england. pray dear s{r} write me Something of her, of my lord, and
of you. direct y{r} letter by the penny post at m{r} Cavalier, Belitery
Square by the R. exchange. j am sincerely and heartily y{r} most humble
most obedient rambling friend

  "VOLTAIRE.

  "to
    "john Brinsden, esq.
          "durham's yard
      "by charing cross."


THE GOLDEN CHALICE OF IONA.

A chalice, as used in sacred ceremonies, is figured on various early
Scottish ecclesiastical seals, as well as on sepulchral slabs and other
medieval sculptures. But an original Scottish chalice, a relic of
the venerable abbey of St. Columba, presented, till a very few years
since, an older example of the sacred vessels of the altar than is
indicated in any existing memorial of the medieval Church. The later
history of this venerable relic is replete with interest. It was of
fine gold, of a very simple form, and ornamented in a style that gave
evidence of its belonging to a very early period. It was transferred
from the possession of Sir Lauchlan MacLean to the Glengarry family,
in the time of Æneas, afterwards created by Charles II. Lord Macdonell
and Arross, under the circumstances narrated in the following letter
from a cousin of the celebrated Marshal Macdonald, Duke of Tarentum,
and communicated by a clergyman (Rev. Æneas M'Donell Dawson), who
obtained it from the family of the gentleman to whom it was originally
addressed:--

"The following anecdote I heard from the late bishop, John Chisholm,
and from Mr. John M'Eachan, uncle to the Duke of Tarentum, who died at
my house at Irin Moidart, aged upwards of one hundred years:--

"Maclean of Duart, expecting an invasion of his lands in Mull, by
his powerful neighbour the Earl of Argyll, applied to Glengarry for
assistance. Æneas of Glengarry marched at the head of five hundred men
to Ardtornish, nearly opposite to Duart Castle, and crossing with a few
of his officers to arrange the passage of the men across the Sound of
Mull, Maclean, rejoicing at the arrival of such a friend, offered some
choice wine in a golden chalice, part of the plunder of Iona. Glengarry
was struck with horror, and said, folding his handkerchief about the
chalice, 'Maclean, I came here to defend you against mortal enemies,
but since, by sacrilege and profanation, you have made God your enemy,
no human means can serve you.' Glengarry returned to his men, and
Maclean sent the chalice and some other pieces of plate belonging
to the service of the altar, with a deputation of his friends, to
persuade him to join him; but he marched home. His example was followed
by several other chiefs, and poor Maclean was left to compete,
single-handed, with his powerful enemy."

Such was the last historical incident connected with the golden
chalice of Iona, perhaps, without exception, the most interesting
ecclesiastical relic which Scotland possessed. Unfortunately its
later history only finds a parallel in that of the celebrated Danish
golden horns. It was preserved in the charter-chest of Glengarry,
until it was presented by the late Chief to Bishop Ronald M'Donald, on
whose demise it came into the possession of his successor, Dr. Scott,
Bishop of Glasgow. Only a few years since the sacristy of St. Mary's
Roman Catholic Church in that city, where it was preserved was broken
into, and before the police could obtain a clue to the depredators,
the golden relic of Iona was no longer a chalice. Thus perished, by
the hands of a common felon, a memorial of the spot consecrated by
the labours of some of the earliest Christian missionaries to the
Pagan Caledonians, and which had probably survived the vicissitudes
of upwards of ten centuries. In reply to inquiries made as to the
existence of any drawing of the chalice, or even the possibility of a
trustworthy sketch being executed from memory, a gentleman in Glasgow
writes:--"I have no means of getting even a sketch from which to make a
drawing. Were I a good hand myself, I could easily furnish one, having
often examined it. It was a chalice that no one could look on without
being convinced of its very great antiquity. The workmanship was rude,
the ornamental drawings or engravings even more hard than medieval ones
in their outlines, and the cup bore marks of the original hammering
which had beaten it into shape."


NEW MODE OF REVENGE.

Monkeys in India are more or less objects of superstitious reverence,
and are, consequently, seldom or ever destroyed. In some places they
are even fed, encouraged, and allowed to live on the roofs of the
houses. If a man wish to revenge himself for any injury committed
upon him, he has only to sprinkle some rice or corn upon the top of
his enemy's house, or granary, just before the rains set in, and the
monkeys will assemble upon it, eat all they can find outside, and then
pull off the tiles to get at that which falls through the crevices.
This, of course, gives access to the torrents which fall in such
countries, and house, furniture, and stores are all ruined.


CURIOUS SUPERSTITION.

The ring of which we here give a sketch has been selected by us as
a subject for engraving and comment, because it embodies a curious
superstition which was very prevalent in England in the fifteenth and
sixteenth centuries.

[Illustration [++] Fifteenth Century Ring.]

The setting is of silver, and the jewel which it carries is called
a toadstone. This stone was popularly believed to be formed in the
heads of very old toads, and it was eagerly coveted by sovereigns,
and by all persons in high office, because it was supposed to have
the power of indicating to the person who wore it the proximity of
poison, by perspiring and changing colour. Fenton, who wrote in 1569,
says--"There is to be found in the heads of old and great toads a
stone they call borax or stelon;" and he adds--"They, being used as
rings, give forewarning against venom." Their composition is not
actually known; by some they are thought to be a stone--by others,
a shell; but of whatever they may be formed, there is to be seen in
them, as may be noticed in the engraving, a figure resembling that of
a toad, but whether produced accidentally or by artificial means is
not known, though, according to Albertus Magnus, the stone always bore
the figure on its surface, at the time it was taken out of the toad's
head. Lupton, in his "1000 Notable Things," says--"A toadstone, called
crepaudina, touching any part envenomed, hurt, or stung with rat,
spider, wasp, or any other venomous beast, ceases the pain or swelling
thereof." The well known lines in Shakespeare are doubtless in allusion
to the virtue which Lupton says it possesses:--

    "Sweet are the uses of adversity;
     Which like a toad, ugly and venomous,
     Wears yet a precious jewel in his head."

Ben Jonson also in the _Fox_, has,--

    "Were you enamoured on his copper rings,
     His saffron jewel, with the loadstone in't?"

And Lyly, in his _Euphues_--

    "The foule toad hath a faire stone in his head."

The ring we have engraved is a work of the fifteenth century; it forms
one of the many rare curiosities of the Londesborough Collection, and
is considered to be a very perfect specimen.


ANCIENT ARMLET.

In May, 1840, some workmen were employed at Everdale, near Preston,
in carrying earth to replace the soil which had been washed away from
behind a wall formerly built to protect the banks of the river Ribble.
In digging for this purpose, they discovered, at a distance of about
forty yards from the banks, a great number of articles, consisting
of ingots of silver, a few ornaments, some silver armlets, and a
large quantity of coins. An attentive examination of all these, and
especially of the coins, leads to the conclusion that this mass of
treasure was deposited about the year 910, and the articles must be
considered such as were worn at the time of King Alfred, or perhaps
somewhat earlier.

[Illustration [++] Ancient Armlet.]

The armlets, which were all of silver, vary in breadth from a quarter
of an inch to an inch and a quarter, and perhaps more. They are
generally ornamented, and almost all the ornaments are produced by
punching with tools of various forms. The patterns are numerous, but
the forms of the punches are very few, the variations being produced by
combining the forms of more punches than one, or by placing the same
or differently-formed punches at a greater or less distance from each
other, or by varying their direction. In the specimen which we have
here engraved the punch has had a small square end, and the ornament is
formed by a series of blows in transverse or oblique lines. Patterns of
the period and localities to which these ornaments belong are scarcely
ever found finished by casting or chasing. It would appear, also that
the use of solder to unite the various parts of objects was either
little known or little practised; for the ends of these ornaments are
tied together, and, upon other occasions where union is necessary,
rivets are employed.


CHINESE MIRRORS.

There is a puzzling property in many of the Chinese mirrors which
deserves particular notice, and we may give it, together with the
solution furnished by Sir David Brewster:--"The mirror has a knob in
the centre of the back, by which it can be held, and on the rest of
the back are stamped in relief certain circles with a kind of Grecian
border. Its polished surface has that degree of convexity which gives
an image of the face half its natural size; and its remarkable property
is, that, when you reflect the rays of the sun from the polished
surface, the image of the ornamental border and circles stamped upon
the back, is seen distinctly reflected on the wall," or on a sheet of
paper. The metal of which the mirror is made appears to be what is
called Chinese silver, a composition of tin and copper, like the metal
for the specula of reflecting telescopes. The metal is very sonorous.
The mirror has a rim (at the back) of about 1-4th or 1-6th of an inch
broad, and the inner part, upon which the figures are stamped, is
considerably thinner.

"Like all other conjurors (says Sir David Brewster), the artist has
contrived to make the observer deceive himself. The stamped figures on
the back are used for this purpose. The spectrum in the luminous area
_is not an image of the figures on the back_. The figures are a copy
of the picture which the artist has _drawn on the face of the mirror_,
and so concealed by polishing, that it is invisible in ordinary lights,
and can be brought out only in the sun's rays. Let it be required,
for example, to produce the dragon as exhibited by one of the Chinese
mirrors. When the surface of the mirror is ready for polishing, the
figure of the dragon may be delineated upon it in extremely shallow
lines, or it may be eaten out by an acid much diluted, so as to remove
the smallest possible portion of the metal. The surface must then be
highly polished, not upon pitch, like glass and specula, because this
would polish away the figure, but upon cloth, in the way that lenses
are sometimes polished. In this way the sunk part of the shallow lines
will be as highly polished as the rest, and the figure will only be
visible in very strong lights, by reflecting the sun's rays from the
metallic surface."


THE CADENHAM OAK.

Amongst the many remarkable trees in the New Forest in Hampshire, is
one called the Cadenham Oak, which buds every year in the depth of
winter. Gilpin says, "Having often heard of this oak, I took a ride to
see it on the 29th of December, 1781. It was pointed out to me among
several other oaks, surrounded by a little forest stream, winding round
a knoll on which they stood. It is a tall straight plant, of no great
age, and apparently vigorous, except that its top has been injured,
from which several branches issue in the form of pollard shoots. It
was entirely bare of leaves, as far as I could discern, when I saw it,
and undistinguishable from the other oaks in its neighbourhood, except
that its bark seemed rather smoother, occasioned, I apprehended, only
by frequent climbing. Having had the account of its early budding
confirmed on the spot, I engaged one Michael Lawrence, who kept the
White Hart, a small alehouse in the neighbourhood, to send me some of
the leaves to Vicar's Hill, as soon as they should appear. The man,
who had not the least doubt about the matter, kept his word, and sent
me several twigs on the morning of the 5th of January, 1782, a few
hours after they had been gathered. The leaves were fairly expanded,
and about an inch in length. From some of the buds two leaves had
unsheathed themselves, but in general only one. One of its progeny,
which grew in the gardens at Bulstrode, had its flower buds perfectly
formed so early as the 21st of December, 1781.

"This early spring, however, of the Cadenham oak, is of very short
duration. The buds, after unfolding themselves, make no further
progress, but immediately shrink from the season and die. The tree
continues torpid, like other deciduous trees, during the remainder of
the winter, and vegetates again in the spring, at the usual season.
I have seen it in full leaf in the middle of the summer, when it
appeared, both in its form and foliage, exactly like other oaks."

Dean Wren, speaking of this tree, says, "King James could not be
induced to believe the [Greek: to toi] (_reason_) of this, till
Bishop Andrewes, in whose diocese the tree grew, caused one of his
own chaplaines, a man of known integritye, to give a true information
of itt, which he did; for upon the eve of the Nativitye he gathered
about a hundred slips, with the leaves newly opened, which he stuck in
claye in the bottom of long white boxes, and soe sent them post to the
courte, where they deservedly raised not only admiration, but stopt the
mouth of infidelitye and contradiction for ever. Of this I was both
an eye-witness, and did distribute many of them to the great persons
of both sexes in court and others, ecclesiastical persons. But in
these last troublesome times a divelish fellow (of Herostratus humour)
having hewen itt round at the roote, made his last stroke on his own
legg, whereof he died, together with the old wondrous tree; which now
sproutes up againe, and may renew his oakye age againe, iff some such
envious chance doe not hinder or prevent itt; from which the example of
the former villaine may perchance deterr the attempt. This I thought
to testifie to all future times, and therefore subscribe with the same
hand through which those little oakye slips past."


SCHOOL EXPENSES IN THE OLDEN TIME.

Of the expenses incurred for schoolboys at Eton early in the reign of
Elizabeth, we find some curious particulars in a manuscript of the
time: the boys were sons of Sir William Cavendish, of Chatsworth, and
the entries are worth notice, as showing the manners of those days.
Among the items, a breast of roast mutton is charged ten-pence; a
small chicken, fourpence; a week's board, five shillings each; besides
the wood burned in their chamber; to an old woman for sweeping and
cleaning the chamber, twopence; mending a shoe, one penny; three
candles, nine-pence; a book, Esop's Fables, fourpence; two pair of
shoes, sixteen-pence; two bunches of wax lights, one penny; the sum
total of the payments, including board paid to the bursars of Eton
College, living expenses for the two boys and their man, clothes,
books, washing, &c., amounts to twelve pounds twelve shillings and
seven-pence. The expense of a scholar at the university in 1514 was but
five pounds annually, affording as much accommodation as would cost
sixty pounds, though the accommodation would be far short of that now
customary at Eton.


AN EVENTFUL LIFE.

It is much to be feared that on the field of battle and naval actions
many individuals, apparently dead, are buried or thrown overboard. The
history of François de Civille, a French captain, who was missing at
the siege of Rouen, is rather curious. At the storming of the town he
was supposed to have been killed, and was thrown, with other bodies, in
the ditch, where he remained from eleven in the morning to half-past
six in the evening; when his servant, observing some latent heat,
carried the body into the house. For five days and five nights his
master did not exhibit the slightest sign of life, although the body
gradually recovered its warmth. At the expiration of this time, the
town was carried by assault, and the servants of an officer belonging
to the besiegers, having found the supposed corpse of Civille, threw it
out of the window, with no other covering than his shirt. Fortunately
for the captain, he had fallen upon a dunghill, where he remained
senseless for three days longer, when his body was taken up by his
relatives for sepulture, and ultimately brought to life. What was still
more strange, Civille, like Macduff, had "been from his mother's womb
untimely ripp'd," having been brought into the world by a Cæsarean
operation, which his mother did not survive; and after his last
wonderful escape he used to sign his name with the addition of "three
times born, three times buried, and three times risen from the dead by
the grace of God."


FIRST BRIDGE OVER THE THAMES.

[Illustration [++] First Bridge over the Thames.]

The humble village bridge which we here engrave is well deserving
of a place in our pages as being the first of that grand series of
bridges whose last member is London-bridge. What a contrast between
the first bridge over the Thames and the last! Thames Head, where
the river rises, is in the county of Gloucester, but so near to its
southern border, that the stream, after meandering a mile or two,
enters Wiltshire, near the village of Kemble. On leaving this village,
and proceeding on the main road towards the rustic hamlet of Ewen,
the traveller passes over the bridge which forms the subject of our
woodcut. It has no parapet, and is level with the road, the water
running through three narrow arches. Such is the first bridge over the
mighty Thames.


THE VENETIANS.

The Venetians were the first people in Italy who had printed books.
They originated a Gazette in the year 1600, and the example was
followed at Oxford in 1667, and at Vienna in 1700. They also undertook
the discovery of America, and the passage to India by the Cape of Good
Hope.


MEDMENHAM ABBEY.

On descending the river Thames, from Henley, after passing Culham Court
and Hambledon Lock, the adjacent country become exceedingly beautiful,
varied by alternate mills, islands, meadows, and hills, with every
now and then ornamental forest trees hanging over the stream, and
giving pleasant shade to the current on its downward flow. The wood
of Medmenham soon comes in sight; the ruined Abbey is seen among the
trees, and close beside it is a pretty ferry, with the pleasant wayside
inn of Mrs. Bitmead--a domicile well known to artists, her frequent
guests, one of whom, who has since become famous, painted a sign-board
which hangs over the door, and is of so good a quality that it might
grace the exhibition of the Royal Academy. The Abbey has been pictured
a hundred times, and is a capital subject seen from any point of view;
the river runs close beside it; there is a hill adjacent--Dane's Hill;
dark woods and green meadows are at hand; gay boats and traffic barges
are continually passing; the ferry is always picturesque, and the
artist is constantly supplied on the spot with themes for pictures;
especially he has before him the venerable ruin--"venerable," at least,
as far as the eye is concerned. Time has touched it leniently; some of
its best "bits" are as they were a century ago, except that the lichens
have given to them that rich clothing of grey and gold which the
painter ever loves, and added to it, here and there, a green drapery of
ivy.

[Illustration [++] Manor of Medmenham.]

The manor of Medmenham was, in the reign of King Stephen, given by
its lord, Walter de Bolebec, to the Abbey of Cistercian Monks he had
founded at Woburn in Bedfordshire; and in 1204 the monks placed some
of their society here, on this pleasant bank of the Thames. Here arose
a small monastery, being rather--as the writers of the order express
themselves--"a daughter than a cell to Woburn." In 1536 it was annexed
to Bisham. At the Dissolution, according to returns made by the
commissioners, "the clear value of this religious house was 20_l._ 6s.;
it had two monks designing to go to houses of religion; servants, none;
woods, none; debts, none; its bells worth 2_l._ 1s. 8d.; the value of
its moveable goods 1_l._ 3s. 8d.; and the house wholly in ruin." It
must have undergone considerable repair early in the sixteenth century,
and probably very little of the original structure now exists, although
relics of antiquity may be traced in many of its remains. That portion
which fronts the Thames is kept in proper repair, and a large room is
used for the convenience of pleasure parties. The property belongs to
the Scots of Danesfield, a mansion that crowns a neighbouring hill.
Medmenham derives notoriety from events of more recent date than the
occupation of its monks, without goods and without debt. Here, about
the middle of the last century, was established, a society of men of
wit and fashion, who assumed the title of the Monks of St. Francis,
and wore the habit of the Franciscan order. Although it is said
that the statements contained in a now forgotten but once popular
novel--"Chrysal; or the Adventures of a Guinea,"--were exaggerated,
the character which the assumed monks bore in the open world was
sufficiently notorious to justify the worst suspicions of their acts
in this comparative solitude. Their principal members were Sir Francis
Dashwood (afterwards Lord Le Despencer), the Earl of Sandwich, John
Wilks, Bubb Doddington, Churchill, and Paul Whitehead, the poet. The
motto--"Fay ce que voudras," indicative of the principle on which the
society was founded--still remains over the doorway of the Abbey House.
Tradition yet preserves some anecdotes illustrative of the habits of
the "order," and there can be little doubt that this now lonely and
quiet spot was the scene of orgies that were infamous.


PERSECUTION.

Grotius, an historian celebrated for moderation and caution, has
computed that in the several persecutions promoted by Charles V., no
less than a hundred thousand persons perished by the hands of the
executioner. In the Netherlands alone, from the time that his edict
against the reformers was promulgated, he states that there had been
fifty thousand persons hanged, beheaded, buried alive, or burned, on
account of their religion. Indeed, during the reign of Philip the
Second, the Duke of Alva boasted that in the space of nine years he
had destroyed, in the Low Countries, 36,000 persons by the hands of
the executioner alone. At the massacre of Paris, on the feast of St.
Bartholomew, King Charles the Ninth of France assisted in person, and
boasted that he had sacrificed in one night 10,000 of his subjects;
for that massacre the Pope had "Te Deum" sung in the chapel of the
Vatican and issued a bull for a jubilee to be celebrated throughout
France on the 7th December, 1512, in commemoration of what he termed
the _happy success of the king against his heretic subjects_, and
concluded by writing with his own hand a letter to Charles the Ninth,
exhorting him to pursue this salutary and blessed enterprise. In the
short reign of Queen Mary, there were in this realm burned at the stake
one archbishop, four bishops, twenty-one ministers, and nearly three
hundred persons of all classes, of whom fifty-five were women, and four
were children, one of whom sprang from its mother's womb while she was
consuming, and was flung into the flames by the spectators. In 1640
the same spirit of papal bigotry occasioned in Ireland the butchery of
40,000 Protestants, under circumstances of aggravated atrocity which a
Christian will shudder to peruse. Lewis XIV., the most Christian king
and eldest son of the church, starved a million Huguenots at home, and
sent another million grazing in foreign countries.


INNKEEPER'S BILL IN 1762.

The following innkeeper's bill was sent in to the Duke de Nivernois,
who supped and breakfasted at an inn in Canterbury, in 1762; and
considering the value of money at that time, must be deemed extremely
moderate:--

                                         £  s. d.

  Tea, coffee, and chocolate             1  4  0
  Supper for self and servant           15 10  0
  Bread and beer                         3  0  0
  Fruit                                  2 15  0
  Wine and punch                        10  8  8
  Wax candles and charcoal               3  0  0
  Broken glass and china                 2 10  0
  Lodging                                1  7  0
  Tea, coffee, and chocolate             2  0  0
  Chaise and horse, for next stage       2 16  0

There were only twelve persons in the whole company.


SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION.

Joseph Battaglia, a surgeon of Ponte Bosio, relates the following case:
Don. G. Maria Bertholi, a priest of Mount Valerius, went to the fair of
Filetto, and afterwards visited a relation in Fenilo, where he intended
to pass the night. Before retiring to rest, he was left reading his
breviary; when, shortly afterwards, the family were alarmed by his
loud cries and a strange noise in his chamber. On opening the door, he
was lying prostrate on the floor, and surrounded by flickering flames.
Battaglia was immediately sent for, and on his arrival the unfortunate
man was found in a most deplorable state. The integuments of the arms
and the back were either consumed or detached in hanging flaps. The
sufferer was sufficiently sensible to give an account of himself.
He said that he felt, all of a sudden, as if his arm had received a
violent blow from a club, and at the same time he saw scintillations
of fire rising from his shirt-sleeves, which were consumed without
having burned the wrists; a handkerchief, which he had tied round his
shoulders, between the shirt and the skin, was intact. His drawers were
also sound; but, strange to say, his silk skull-cap was burnt while his
hair bore no marks of combustion. The unfortunate man only survived
the event four days. The circumstances which attended this case would
seem to warrant the conclusion that the electric fluid was the chief
agent in the combustion.


SHOOTING FISH.

[Illustration: Horned Chætodon.]

Our shores have produced a few specimens of a richly-coloured fish
called Ray's Sea Bream (_Brama Rayi_), interesting because it
represents a family, almost confined to the tropical seas, of very
singular forms and habits. The family is named _Chætodontidæ_, from
the principal genus in it. They are very high perpendicularly, but
thin and flattened sidewise; the mouth in some projects into a sort
of snout, the fins are frequently much elevated, and send off long
filaments. They are generally adorned with highly-contrasted colours,
which run in perpendicular bands. They are often called scaly-finned
fishes, because the dorsal and anal are clothed, at least in part, with
scales, so as not to be distinguished from the body. The tubular snout
of some, as of a little species which we here represent, is applied to
an extraordinary use, that of shooting flies! The fish approaches under
a fly which it has discovered, resting on a leaf or twig, a few feet
above the water, taking care not to alarm it by too sudden a motion;
then, projecting the tip of its beak from the surface, it shoots a
single drop at the insect with so clever an aim, as very rarely to
miss it, when it falls into the water and is devoured. Being common
in the Indian seas, it is often kept by the Chinese in vases, as we
keep golden-fish, for the amusement of witnessing this feat. A fly is
fastened at some distance, at which the fish shoots, but, disappointed
of course, and wondering that its prey does not fall, it goes on to
repeat the discharge for many times in succession, without seeming to
take in a fresh stock of ammunition, and scarcely ever missing the
mark, though at a distance of three or four feet.


EXTRAORDINARY EARTHQUAKES.

Around the Papandayang, one of the loftiest mountains in Java, no less
than forty villages were reposing in peace. But in August 1772, a
remarkable luminous cloud enveloping its top aroused them from their
security. But it was too late; for at once the mountain began to sink
into the earth, and soon it had disappeared, with the forty villages
and most of the inhabitants, over a space fifteen miles long and six
broad. Still more extraordinary, the most remarkable on record was an
eruption in Sumbawa, one of the Molucca islands, in 1815. It began on
the fifth day of April, and did not cease till July. The explosions
were heard in one direction nine hundred and seventy miles, and in
another seven hundred and twenty miles. So heavy was the fall of ashes
at the distance of forty miles that houses were crushed and destroyed.
The floating cinders in the ocean, hundreds of miles distant, were
two feet thick, and vessels were forced through with difficulty. The
darkness in Java, three hundred miles distant, was deeper than the
blackest night; and, finally, out of the twelve thousand inhabitants of
the island, only twenty-six survived the catastrophe.


BEAUTIFUL ARCH.

One of the rarities of architecture is the beautiful arch in the choir
of Cannistown Church, not far from Bective, near Trim, in Ireland. Down
to the very latest period of Gothic architecture, the original plan of
a simple nave, or nave and chancel, was followed, and the chief or only
difference observable in churches of very late date, from those of the
sixth and seventh centuries, consists in the form of the arch-heads,
the position of the doorway, the style of the masonry, which is usually
much better in the more ancient examples, and the use of bell-turrets,
the cloigeteach, or detached round tower, having answered this purpose
during the earlier ages. A beautiful and highly characteristic example
of an early pointed church is that at Cannistown. As usual, it consists
of a nave and chancel, and there are the remains of a bell-turret upon
the west gable, the usual position. The choir arch is represented in
the annexed cut.

[Illustration [++] Arch in the Choir of Cannistown Church.]

There are numerous examples of churches of this style scattered
over Ireland, but they are usually plain, and the choir arch is
generally the plainest feature in the building. As example, we can
refer our readers to the churches of Kilbarrack, Dalkey, Kinsale, and
Rathmichael, all in the immediate neighbourhood of Dublin.


THOMAS CONECTE.

There was a Carmelite friar, Thomas Conecte, who, previous to his
being burnt as a heretic at Rome, in 1434, excited the admiration of
all Flanders by his vehement sermons against the luxury of the women.
His satire was chiefly levelled against their head-dresses, which rose
to so enormous a height, that the most exalted head-dresses of a late
day were but dwarfs to them. Juvenal des Ursins, who lived at that
period, declares that, notwithstanding the troubles of the times, the
maidens and married ladies rose to prodigious excess in their attire,
and wore hair of a surprising height and breadth, having on each side
two ears of so unaccountable a size, that it was impossible for them
to pass through a door. Their dresses were the hennins of Flanders,
which the worthy Carmelite was so inveterate against. He made them
dress themselves in a more modest manner. But, alas no sooner had Friar
Thomas left the country than the head-dresses shot up to a greater
height than ever. They had only bowed their heads like bullrushes
during the storm. Poor Thomas attacked the infallible church itself,
and they, in default of better arguments, burnt him.


CURIOUS COINCIDENCES.

On the 21st of April, 1770, Lewis XVI. was married.

21st of June, 1770, fifteen hundred people were trampled to death at
the _fête_.

21st of January, 1782, _fête_ for the birth of the Dauphin.

21st of June, 1791, the flight to Varennes.

21st of September, 1792, the abolition of royalty.

21st of January, 1793, the unfortunate monarch's decapitation.


AMPHITHEATRES.

The deficiency of theatres erected by the Romans is far more than
compensated by the number and splendour of their amphitheatres, which,
with their baths, may be considered as the true types of Roman art. It
seems almost certain that they derived this class of public buildings
from the Etruscans. At Sutri there is a very noble one cut out of
the tufa rock, which was no doubt used by that people for festal
representations long before Rome attempted anything of the kind. It is
uncertain whether gladiatorial fights or combats of wild beasts formed
any part of the amusements of the arena in those days, though boxing,
wrestling, and contests of that description certainly did; but whether
the Etruscans actually proceeded to the shedding of blood and slaughter
is more than doubtful.

Even in the remotest parts of Britain, in Germany, and Gaul, wherever
we find a Roman settlement, we find the traces of their amphitheatres.
Their soldiery, it seems, could not exist without the enjoyment of
seeing men engage in doubtful and mortal combats--either killing one
another, or torn to pieces by wild beasts. It is not to be wondered at
that a people who delighted so much in the bloody scenes of the arena
should feel but very little pleasure in the mimic sorrows and tame
humour of the stage. It fitted them, it is true, to be a nation of
conquerors, and gave them the empire of the world, but it brought with
it feelings singularly inimical to all the softer arts, and was perhaps
the great cause of their debasement.

As might be expected, the largest and most splendid of these buildings
is that which adorns the capital; and of all the ruins which Rome
contains, none have excited such universal admiration as the Flavian
amphitheatre. Poets, painters, rhapsodists, have exhausted all the
resources of their arts in the attempt to convey to others the
overpowering impression this building produces on their own minds.
With the single exception, perhaps, of the Hall at Karnac, no ruin has
met with such universal admiration as this. Its association with the
ancient mistress of the world, its destruction, and the half-prophetic
destiny ascribed to it, all contribute to this. Still it must be
confessed that

    "The gladiator's bloody circus stands
     A noble wreck in ruinous perfection,"

and worthy of all or nearly all the admiration of which it has been the
object. Its interior is almost wholly devoid of ornament, or anything
that can be called architecture--a vast inverted pyramid. The exterior
does not possess one detail which is not open to criticism, and indeed
to positive blame. Notwithstanding all this, its mass, its form, and
its associations, all combine to produce an effect against which the
critic struggles in vain.

The length of the building, measured along its greatest diameter, is
620 ft., its breadth 513, or nearly in the ratio of 6 to 5, which may
be taken as the general proportion of these buildings, the variations
from it being slight, and apparently either mistakes in setting out
the work in ancient times, or in measuring it in modern days, rather
than an intentional deviation. The height of the 3 lower stories is
120 ft.; the total height as it now stands, 157 ft. The arena itself
measures 287 ft. in length by 180 in breadth, and it is calculated that
the building would contain 80,000 spectators; 50,000 or 60,000 would be
much nearer the truth, at least according to the data by which space is
calculated in our theatres and public places.


HUNDRED FAMILIES' LOCK.

A common Chinese talisman is the "hundred families' lock," to procure
which a father goes round among his friends, and, having obtained from
a hundred different parties a few of the copper coins of the country,
he himself adds the balance, to purchase an ornament or appendage
fashioned like a lock, which he hangs on his child's neck, for the
purpose of locking him figuratively to life, and making the hundred
persons concerned in his attaining old age.


THE DUKE DE REICHSTADT.

At the Imperial Palace of Schönbrun, about five English miles from
Vienna, is shown the window fractured by the bullet of the enthusiastic
student who shot at Napoleon while he was reviewing the Imperial Guard,
and also the apartment he occupied when he made this his head-quarters,
instead of entering the city. An additional interest is imparted to the
place, by the circumstance of the Duke de Reichstadt having, when taken
ill, chosen the identical chamber and spot in which his father Napoleon
had slept, to close his mortal career: and by a singular coincidence,
the remains of the young prince were subjected to a post-mortem
examination upon the same table at which the Emperor had held his
councils. In imitation of the military hardihood of his sire, the young
duke was in the habit of exposing himself to all weathers, and keeping
guard during successive nights, a practice which often called forth
from his surgeon, Dr. Malfati, the expressive words, '_Rappelez vous,
mon Prince, que vouz avez un Coeur de Fer dans un Corp de Verre_.'


MARY QUEEN OF SCOTS' CANDLESTICK.

Almost every article, however trifling its intrinsic value, and however
homely its appearance, which once belonged to a celebrated individual,
is always regarded as an object of interest, and we have, therefore,
no hesitation in presenting our readers with the annexed engraving
of one of a pair of candlesticks which were once the property of the
unfortunate Mary, Queen of Scots.

[Illustration [++] Mary Queen of Scots' Candlestick.]

They are made of brass, each of them of eleven and a-half inches in
height. They are of French manufacture; the sunk parts are filled
up with an inlay of blue, green, and white enamel, very similar to
that done at Limoge. These extremely elegant and curious articles are
the property of Lord Holland, and are preserved at Holland House,
Kensington.

Holland House is associated "with the costly magnificence of Rich,
with the loves of Ormond, the councils of Cromwell, and the death
of Addison." It has been for nearly two centuries and a-half the
favourite resort of wits and beauties, of painters and poets, of
scholars, philosophers, and statesmen. In the lifetime of the late Lord
Holland, it was the meeting-place of "the Whig Party;" and his liberal
hospitality made it "the resort, not only of the most interesting
persons composing English society--literary, philosophical, and
political, but also to all belonging to those classes who ever visited
this country from abroad."


EXTRAORDINARY INSTANCES OF INHUMANITY.

In 1534, in the wars of Edward III. with France, Fordun relates that a
Frenchman purchased from the Scots several English prisoners, and that
he beheaded them to avenge the death of his father. This sentimental
cruelty can perhaps be paralleled by that of Coccinas, who, at the
massacre of Paris, bought many Huguenots, that he might torture them
to death for his private satisfaction. Philip Galeas Visconti, Duke of
Milan, was a man of a nature so timid, that thunder threw him into
agonies; yet was he so inhuman, that he could _enjoy the shrieks of
a female stretched upon a rack_. Wenceslaus, the German Emperor, say
Mezeray, Voltaire, and others, _roasted his cook alive_, for dressing
his dinner amiss; and never had so intimate a friend in Prague as the
common executioner; and even _him_ he put to death at last, for not
taking him at his word, when he once had bid him cut his head off, and
actually knelt down to receive the stroke.


ANCIENT ROMAN LAMPS.

The earliest lamps fabricated by the potters of ancient Rome have an
open circular body, with a curved projecting rim to prevent the oil
from spilling, and occur both in terra-cotta, and also in the black
glazed ware found in the sepulchres of Nola. Many have a projecting
hollow pipe in the centre, in order to fix them to a stick on the top
of a candelabrum. These lamps have no handles. They may have been
placed in the sacella or lararia, and were turned on the potter's wheel.

The shoe-shaped is the most usual, with a round body, a projecting
spout or nozzle having a hole for the wick, and a small annular handle,
which is more or less raised.

[Illustration [++] Ancient Roman Lamp.]

A singular variety of lamp, well adapted for a table, was fitted
into a kind of small altar, the sides of which were ornamented with
reliefs. Several however, from their unusual shape, maybe considered
as fancy ware, the upper part, or the whole lamp, being moulded into
the resemblance of some object. Such are lamps in the British Museum in
the shape of a female head surmounted by a flower, or of the head of a
negro or Nubian with open jaws, through which the wick was inserted.

Most of these lamps appear to have been made between the age of
Augustus and that of Constantine. The style, of course best at the
earlier period of the empire, degenerates under the later emperors,
such as Philip and Maximus, and becomes at last Byzantine and bad.

Most lamps had only one wick, but the light they afforded must have
been feeble, and consequently some have two wicks, the nozzle for
which project beyond the body of the lamp. In the same manner were
fabricated lamps of three, five, and seven wicks. If more were required
the nozzles did not project far beyond the body of the lamp, which
was then moulded in a shape adapted for the purpose, and especially
the favourite one of a galley. Sometimes a conglomeration of small
lamps was manufactured in a row, or in a serrated shape, which enabled
the purchaser to obtain what light he required; still the amount of
illumination must have been feeble. As many as twenty wicks have been
found in some lamps.

The greater number average from three to four inches long, and one
inch high; the walls are about one-eighth of an inch thick, and the
circular handles not more than one inch in diameter. Some of the larger
lamps, however, are about nine inches or a foot long, with handles
eight or nine inches high.


AN ECCENTRIC ENGLISHMAN.

Mr. Henry Hastings, a most singular character, and genuine sportsman
lived in the time of James and Charles I. Mr. Hastings was second son
to the Earl of Huntingdon; and inherited a good estate in Dorsetshire
from his mother. He was one of the keepers of New Forest, Hampshire;
and resided in the lodge there during a part of every summer season.
But his principal residence was at Woodlands, in Dorsetshire, where
he had a capital mansion. One of his nearest neighbours, was the
Lord Chancellor Cooper, first Earl of Shaftesbury. Two men could not
be more opposite in their disposition and pursuits. They had little
communication therefore; and their occasional meetings were rendered
more disagreeable to both from their opposite sentiments in politics.
Lord Shaftesbury, who was the younger man, was the survivor; and the
following account of Mr. Hastings is said to have been the production
of his pen. "Mr. Hastings was low of stature, but very strong, and
very active; of a ruddy complexion, with flaxen hair. His clothes were
always of green cloth. His house was of the old fashion; in the midst
of a large park, well stocked with deer, rabbits, and fish-ponds. He
had a long narrow bowling-green in it; and used to play with round
sand-bowls. Here, too, he had a banqueting-room built, like a stand
in a large tree. He kept all sorts of hounds, that ran buck, fox,
hare, otter, and badger; and had hawks of all kinds, both long and
short-winged. His great hall was commonly strewed with marrow-bones;
and full of hawk-perches, hounds, spaniels, and terriers. The upper
end of it was hung with fox-skins of this and the last year's killing.
Here and there a pole-cat was intermixed; and hunter's poles in great
abundance. The parlour was a large room, completely furnished in the
same style. On a broad hearth, paved with bricks, lay some of the
choicest terriers, hounds, and spaniels. One or two of the great chairs
had litters of cats in them, which were not to be disturbed. Of these,
three or four always attended him at dinner; and a little white wand
lay by his trencher, to defend it, if they were too troublesome. In
the windows, which were very large, lay his arrows, cross-bows, and
other accoutrements. The corners of the room were filled with his best
hunting and hawking poles. His oyster-table stood at the lower end of
the room, which was in constant use twice a day, all the year round;
for he never failed to eat oysters both at dinner and supper; with
which the neighbouring town of Poole supplied him. At the upper end of
the room stood a small table with a double desk; one side of which held
a church Bible; the other, the Book of Martyrs. On different tables of
the room lay hawks' hoods; bells, old hats with their crowns thrust in,
full of pheasants' eggs, tables, dice, cards, and a store of tobacco
pipes. At one end of this room was a door, which opened into a closet,
where stood bottles of strong beer and wine, which never came out
but in single glasses, which was the rule of the house; for he never
exceeded himself, nor permitted others to exceed. Answering to this
closet was a door into an old chapel, which had been long disused for
devotion; but, in the pulpit, as the safest place, was always to be
found a cold chine of beef, a venison pasty, a gammon of bacon, or a
great apple-pie with thick crust, well baked. His table cost him not
much, though it was good to eat at. His sports supplied all but beef
and mutton, except on Fridays, when he had the best of fish. He never
wanted a London pudding; and he always sang it in with, "_My part lies
therein-a._" He drank a glass or two of wine at meals; put syrup of
gilly-flowers into his sack; and had always a tun-glass of small-beer
standing by him, which he often stirred about with rosemary. He lived
to be an hundred; and never lost his eyesight, nor used spectacles. He
got on horseback without help; and rode to the death of the stag, till
he was past fourscore."


PERFUMED BANQUETS OF THE ANCIENTS.

A very remarkable peculiarity in the banquets of the ancients was,
their not confining the resources of the table to the gratification of
one sense alone. Having exhausted their invention in the confection
of stimulants for the palate, they broke new ground, and called in
another sense to their aid; and by the delicate application of odours
and richly-distilled perfumes, these refined voluptuaries aroused the
fainting appetite, and added a more exquisite and ethereal enjoyment
to the grosser pleasures of the board. The gratification of the sense
of smelling (a sense held by us in very undeserved neglect, probably
on account of its delicacy) was a subject of no little importance
to the Romans. However this may be, it is certain that the Romans
considered flowers as forming a very essential article in their festal
preparations; and it is the opinion of Bassius, that at their desserts
the number of flowers far exceeded that of fruits. When Nero supped
in his Golden House, a mingled shower of flowers and odorous essences
fell upon him; and one of Heliogabalus' recreations was to smother
his courtiers with flowers, of whom it may be said, they "died of a
rose in aromatic pain." Nor was it entirely as an object of luxury
that the ancients made use of flowers; they were considered to possess
sanative and medicinal qualities. According to Pliny, Athenæus, and
Plutarch, certain herbs and flowers were of sovereign power to prevent
the approaches of ebriety, or, as Bassius less clearly expresses it,
clarify the functions of the brain.


CHINESE BRIDGES.

Of Chinese bridges, some have been very much exaggerated in the
accounts by Du Halde and the missionaries, as it appears from the
later reports concerning the bridge at Foo-chow-foo, visited during
the unsuccessful commercial voyage of the ship "Amherst," in 1832, and
since the war become familiar to our countrymen. This same bridge,
which proved a very poor structure after all, had been extolled by
the Jesuits as something quite extraordinary. A bridge of ninety-one
arches, being in fact a very long causeway, was passed by Lord
Macartney between Soo-chow and Hang-chow, and near the Lake called
Tae-hoo. The highest arch, however, was supposed to be between twenty
and thirty feet in height, and the whole length of the causeway half
a mile. It was thrown across an arm of the lake, on the eastern side
of the canal. The late Sir George Staunton observed a bridge between
Peking and Tartary, built across a river which was subject to being
swelled by mountain floods. This was erected upon caissons of wattles
filled with stones. It appeared to have been built with expedition,
and at small cost, where the most solid bridge would be endangered by
inundations. The caissons were fixed by large perpendicular spars, and
over the whole were laid planks, hurdles, and gravel. It was only in
Keâng-nan that solid bridges were observed to be thrown over the canal,
being constructed of coarse grey marble, or of a reddish granite. Some
of the arches were semicircular, others the transverse section of an
ellipse, and others again approached the shape of a horseshoe, or
Greek [Greek: capital Omega], the space being widest at top. In the
ornamental bridges that adorn gardens and pleasure-grounds, the arch is
often of height sufficient to admit a boat under sail, and the bridge
is ascended by steps.

[Illustration [++] Chinese Bridge.]

All the stones of a Chinese arch are commonly wedge-shaped, their
sides forming radii which converge towards the centre of the curve.
It is observable that, according to the opinion of Captain Parish,
who surveyed and made plans of the Great Wall, no masonry could be
superior to it. The arched and vaulted work was considered by him as
exceedingly well turned. The Chinese, therefore, must have understood
the construction and properties of the arch long before the Greeks and
Romans, whose original and most ancient edifices consisted of columns,
connected by straight architraves, of bulk sufficient to support the
incumbent pressure of solid masonry.


SOCIABLE WEAVER-BIRD.

There are some birds whose social instinct impels them to live in
company, and to unite their powers in the construction of a common
edifice: in this respect resembling the Beaver among quadrupeds, and
the Bee among insects. Among these we may mention the Ani (_Crotophaga
ani_) of the West Indies; the Pensile Grosbeak (_Loxia pensilis_)
of West Africa; and the Bottle-nested Sparrow of India: but more
remarkable than any of these is the Sociable Grosbeak (_Loxia
socialis_) of South Africa, whose habits are described by Le Vaillant.

"Figure to yourself," says this enterprising traveller, "a huge,
irregular, sloping roof, with all the eaves completely covered with
nests, crowded close together, and you will have a tolerably correct
idea of these singular edifices." The birds commence this structure by
forming the immense canopy of a mass of grass, so compact and firmly
basketed together as to be impenetrable to the rain. This sometimes
surrounds a large tree, giving it, but for the upper branches, somewhat
the form of a mushroom. Beneath the eaves of this canopy the nests
are formed; the upper surface is not used for this purpose, but as it
is sloping, with a projecting rim, it serves to let the rain-water
run off, and preserves each little dwelling from the wet. Le Vaillant
procured one of these great shelters, and cut it in pieces with a
hatchet: the chief portion consisted of Boshman's grass, so compact
as to be impenetrable by rain. Each nest is three or four inches in
diameter, which is sufficient for the bird; but, as they are all close
together around the eaves, they appear to the eye to form but one
building, and, in fact, are distinguishable from each other only by a
little external aperture, which serves as an entrance to the nest. This
large nest contained 320 inhabited cells.

[Illustration: Nest of Sociable Weaver Bird.]


WOLVES IN ENGLAND.

King Edward the First commissioned Peter Corbet to destroy the wolves
in the counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Salop, and
Stafford; and ordered John Gifford to hunt them in all the forests of
England.

The forest of Chiltern was infested by wolves and wild bulls in the
time of Edward the Confessor. William the Conqueror granted the
lordship of Riddesdale, in Northumberland, to Robert de Umfraville,
on condition of defending that part of the country against enemies and
wolves. King John gave a premium of ten shillings for catching two
wolves.

In the reign of King Henry the Third Vitalis de Engaine held the manors
of Laxton and Pitchley, in the county of Northampton, by the service
of hunting the wolf, whenever the king should command him. In the
reign of Edward the First, it was found by inquisition that John de
Engaine held the manor of Great Gidding, in the county of Huntingdon,
by the service of hunting the hare, fox, wild cat, and wolf, within the
counties of Huntingdon, Northampton, Buckingham, Oxford, and Rutland.
In the reign of Edward the Third, Thomas de Engaine held certain manors
by the service of finding, at his own proper cost, certain dogs for the
destruction of wolves, foxes, martins, and wild cats in the counties of
Northampton, Rutland, Oxford, Essex, and Buckingham.


TEMPLES OF BRAMBANAM.

In the island of Java, and not far from the ruins of Boro Buddor,
are situated the Buddhist temples of Brambanam; certainly one of the
most extraordinary groups of buildings of its class, and very unlike
anything we now find in India; though there can scarcely be a doubt but
that the whole is derived from an Indian original now lost.

The great temple is a square building above 45 ft. square, and 75 ft.
high, terminating upwards in an octagonal straight-lined pyramid. On
each face of this is a smaller temple of similar design joined to the
great one by corridors; the whole five thus constituting a cruciform
building. It is raised upon a richly ornamented square base. One of
the smaller temples serves as an entrance-porch. The building itself
is very curiously and richly ornamented with sculpture; but the most
remarkable feature of the whole group is the multitude of smaller
temples which surround the central one, 239 in number. Immediately
beyond the square terrace which supports the central temple stand 28
of these, forming a square of 8 on each side, counting the angular
ones both ways. Beyond these, at a distance of 35 ft., is the second
square, 44 in number; between this and the next row is a wide space of
above 80 ft., in which only 6 temples are situated, two in the centre
of the north and south faces, and one on each of the others. The two
outer rows of temples are situated close to one another, back to back,
and are 160 in number, each face of the square they form being about
525 ft. All these 239 temples are similar to one another, about 12 ft.
square at the base, and 22 ft. high, all richly carved and ornamented,
and in every one is a small square cell, in which was originally placed
a cross-legged figure, probably of one of the Jaina saints, though
the drawings which have been hitherto published do not enable us to
determine whom they represent--the persons who made them not being
aware of the distinction between Buddhist and Jaina images.

The date given to these monuments by the natives is about the 9th or
10th century, at which time the Jains were making great progress at
Guzerat and the western parts of India; and if the traditions are to
be relied upon, which bring the Hindu colonists of Java from that
quarter, it is almost certain that they would have brought that
religion with them. If the age, however, that is assigned to them be
correct, they are specimens of an earlier date and form than anything
we now find in India, and less removed from the old Buddhist type than
anything that now remains there.


GRAHAM ISLAND.

The most recent instance of subaqueous eruption, with which we are
acquainted is that which produced Hotham or Graham Island, in the year
1831. This island was thrown up in the Mediterranean, between the
south-west coast of Sicily and the African coast, in latitude 37° 8'
30" north, and longitude 12° 42' 15" east. The eruption seems to have
been first observed by John Corrao, the captain of a Sicilian vessel,
who passing near to the spot on the 10th of July, observed an immense
column of water ejected from the sea to the height of sixty feet, and
about eight hundred yards in circumference.

On the 16th of July, Corrao again passed the same spot, and he found
that a small island had been formed, twelve feet high, with a crater in
the centre, from which immense columns of vapour and masses of volcanic
matter were ejected.

The island was afterwards visited by several scientific gentlemen,
and is said to have been two hundred feet high, and three miles in
circumference, on the 4th of August. But from this time the island
decreased in size; for being composed of loose scoriæ and pumice, it
was rapidly acted upon by the water; and on the 3rd of September, when
carefully measured by Captain Wodehouse, was only three-fifths of a
mile in circumference, and one hundred and seven feet high. At the end
of October the island had entirely disappeared, except one small point
composed of sand and scoriæ. Captain Swinburne examined the spot in the
beginning of the year 1832, and found an extensive shoal to occupy the
place where the island had once been. In 1833 there was a dangerous
reef, of an oval form, three-fifths of a mile in circumference.


A ROYAL SPORTSMAN.

When the King of Naples (the greatest sportsman in Europe) was in
Germany, about the year 1792, it was said in the German papers, that
in the different times he had been shooting in Austria, Bohemia, and
Moravia, he had killed 5 bears, 1,820 wild boars, 1,968 stags, 13
wolves, 354 foxes, 15,350 pheasants, 1,121 rabbits, 16,354 hares, 1,625
she-goats, 1,625 roebucks, and 12,435 partridges.


LIFE IN DEATH.

The wife of the consul of Cologne, Retchmuth, apparently died of the
plague, in 1571; a ring of great value, with which she was buried,
tempted the cupidity of the grave-digger, and was the cause of many
future years of happiness. At night the purloiner marched to his
plunder, and she revived. She lived to be the mother of three children,
and, when deceased in reality, was re-buried in the same church,
where a monument was erected, reciting the particulars above stated
in German verse. A woman of Poictiers, being buried with four rings,
tempted the resurrection-man, who _awoke_ the woman in the attempt, as
he was rather rude in his mode of possessing them. She called out; he,
being frightened, fled. The lady walked home, recovered, and had many
children afterwards.


ROCK-CUT MONUMENTS OF ASIA MINOR.

The engraving below represents an example of rock-cut monuments which
are found at Doganlu, in Asia Minor. They are placed on the rocky side
of a narrow valley, and unconnected apparently with any great city or
centre of population. Generally they are called tombs, but there are
no chambers nor anything about them to indicate a funereal purpose,
and the inscriptions which accompany them are not on the monuments
themselves, nor do they refer to such a purpose. Altogether, they are
certainly among the most mysterious remains of antiquity, and, beyond
a certain similarity to the rock-cut tombs around Persepolis, it is
not easy to point out any monuments that afford even a remote analogy
to guide us in our conjectures. They are of a style of art clearly
indicating a wooden origin, and consist of a square frontispiece,
either carved into certain geometric shapes, or prepared apparently
for painting; at each side is a flat pilaster, and above a pediment
terminating in two scrolls. Some, apparently the more modern, have
pillars of a rude Doric order, and all indeed are much more curious
than beautiful. When more of the same class are discovered, they may
help us to some historic data: all that we can now say of them is,
that, judging from their inscriptions and the traditions in Herodotus,
they seem to belong to some Indo-Germanic race from Thessaly, or
thereabouts, who had crossed the Hellespont and settled in their
neighbourhood; and their date is possibly as far back as 1000, and most
probably before 700 B.C.

[Illustration [++] Rock-Cut Monument.]


ARCH OF TRAJAN AT BENEVENTUM.

Triumphal arches were among the most peculiar forms of art which the
Romans borrowed from those around them, and used with that strange
mixture of splendour and bad taste which characterises all their works.

[Illustration [++] Arch of Trajan at Beneventum.]

These were in the first instance no doubt borrowed from the Etruscans,
as was also the ceremony of the triumph with which they were ultimately
associated. At first they seem rather to have been used as festal
entrances to the great public roads, whose construction was considered
as one of the most important benefits a ruler could confer on his
country. There was one erected at Rimini in honour of an important
restoration of the Flaminian Way by Augustus; another at Susa in
Piedmont, to commemorate a similar act of the same Emperor. Trajan
built one on the pier at Ancona, when he restored that harbour, and
another at Beneventum, when he repaired the Via Appia, represented in
the woodcut here given. It is one of the best preserved as well as
most graceful of its class in Italy. The arch of the Sergii at Pola
in Istria seems also to have been erected for a like purpose. That of
Hadrian at Athens, and another built by him at Antinoë in Egypt, were
monuments merely commemorative of the benefits which he had conferred
on those cities by the architectural works he had erected within their
walls. By far the most important application of these gateways, in Rome
at least, was to commemorate a triumph which may have passed along the
road over which the arch was erected beforehand, for the triumphal
procession to pass through, of which it would remain a memorial.


JUDGES' SALARIES.

In the reign of Henry III. the King's Justices enjoyed a salary of ten
marks per annum, which, in the twenty-third year of that King, was
augmented to twenty pounds, and soon after to more. Under Henry IV. the
Chief Justices of the King's Bench and Common Pleas had forty pounds,
and one of the judges of Common Pleas had fifty-five marks. In 1466,
the salary of Thomas Littleton, judge of the King's Bench, amounted to
£136 13s. 4d. modern money; besides about £17 7s. for his fur-gown,
robes, &c.


EXTRAORDINARY OAK.

Gilpin, in his "Forest Scenery," says, "Close by the gate of the
water-walk at Magdalen College, in Oxford, grew an oak, which perhaps
stood there a sapling when Alfred the Great founded the university.
This period only includes a space of nine hundred years, which is no
great age for an oak. It is a difficult matter indeed to ascertain the
age of a tree. The age of a castle or abbey is the object of history;
even a common house is recorded by the families that built it. All
these objects arrive at maturity in their youth, if I may so speak.
But the tree, gradually completing its growth, is not worth recording
in the early part of its existence. It is then only a common tree;
and afterwards, when it becomes remarkable for its age, all memory of
its youth is lost. This tree, however, can almost produce historical
evidence for the age assigned to it. About five hundred years after the
time of Alfred, William of Wainfleet, Dr. Stukely tells us, expressly
ordered his college to be founded near the Great Oak; and an oak could
not, I think, be less than five hundred years of age to merit that
title, together with the honour of fixing the site of a college. When
the magnificence of Cardinal Wolsey erected that handsome tower which
is so ornamental to the whole building, this tree might probably be
in the meridian of its glory, or rather, perhaps, it had attained a
green old age. But it must have been manifestly in its decline at that
memorable era when the tyranny of James gave the fellows of Magdalen so
noble an opportunity of withstanding bigotry and superstition. It was
afterwards much injured in Charles the Second's time, when the present
walks were laid out. Its roots were disturbed, and from that period it
declined fast, and became reduced by degrees to little more than a mere
trunk. The oldest members of the university can scarcely recollect it
in better plight. But the faithful records of history have handed down
its ancient dimensions. Through a space of sixteen yards on every side
from its trunk, it once flung its boughs, and under its magnificent
pavilion could have sheltered with ease three thousand men, though in
its decayed state it could for many years do little more than shelter
some luckless individual whom the driving shower had overtaken in his
evening walk. In the summer of 1788, this magnificent ruin fell to the
ground, alarming the college with its rushing sound. It then appeared
how precariously it had stood for many years. Its grand tap-root was
decayed, and it had hold of the earth only by two or three roots, of
which none was more than a couple of inches in diameter. From a part of
its ruins a chair has been made for the President of the College, which
will long continue its memory."


ECCENTRIC ADVERTISEMENT.

The following strange advertisement is copied from the Harleian MSS.:
"_In Nova fert Animus_. These are to give notice, (for the benefit of
the public,) that there is newly arrived from his travels, a gentleman,
who, after above forty years' study, hath, by a wonderful blessing on
his endeavours, discovered, as well the nature as the infallible cure
of several strange diseases, which (though as yet not known to the
world) he will plainly demonstrate to any ingenious artist, to be the
greatest causes of the most common distempers incident to the body of
man. The names of which take as follow:

  The strong fives
  The marthambles
  The moon-pall
  The hockogrocle.

"Now, though the names, natures, symptoms, and several cures of these
diseases, are altogether unknown to our greatest physicians, and the
particular knowledge of them would (if concealed) be a vast advantage
to the aforesaid person; yet, he well knowing that his country's
good is to be preferred to his private interest, doth hereby promise
all sorts of people, a faithful cure of all or any of the diseases
aforesaid, at as reasonable rates as our modern doctors have for that
of any common distemper.

"He is spoken with at the ordinary hours of business, at the Three
Compasses, in Maiden-lane."


MODERN EGYPTIAN FEMALE ORNAMENTS.

[Illustration [++] Ckoo'r.]

Among the many ornaments which the women of Egypt in modern times
are so fond of wearing, none is more curious or more generally worn
than the _Ckoo'r_. It is a round convex ornament, commonly about five
inches in diameter, of which there are two kinds. The first that we
shall describe, and which is the only kind worn by ladies, or by the
wives of tradesmen of moderate property, is the _ckoor's alma's_, or
diamond ckoor's. This is composed of diamonds set generally in gold;
and is open work, representing roses, leaves, &c. The diamonds are
commonly of a very poor and shallow kind; and the gold of this and all
other diamond ornaments worn in Egypt is much alloyed with copper. The
value of a moderately handsome diamond ckoor's is about a hundred and
twenty-five, or a hundred and fifty pounds sterling. It is very seldom
made of silver; and I think that those of gold, when attached to the
deep red turboo'sh, have a richer effect, though not in accordance
with our general taste. The wives even of petty tradesmen sometimes
wear the diamond ckoor's: they are extremely fond of diamonds, and
generally endeavour to get some, however bad. The ckoor's, being of
considerable weight, is at first painful to wear; and women who are in
the habit of wearing it complain of headache when they take it off:
hence they retain it day and night; but some have an inferior one
for the bed. Some ladies have one for ordinary wearing, another for
particular occasions, a little larger and handsomer; and a third merely
to wear in bed. The other kind of ckoor's, _ckoor's dah'ab_ (or, of
gold), is a convex plate of very thin embossed gold, and almost always
a false emerald (a piece of green glass), not cut with facets, set in
the centre. Neither the emerald nor the ruby are here cut with facets:
if so cut, they would generally be considered false. The simple gold
ckoor's is lined with a thick coat of wax, which is covered with a
piece of paper. It is worn by many women who cannot afford to purchase
diamonds; and even by some servants.


ANTIQUE ROMAN MEDICINE STAMP.

[Illustration [++] Roman Medicine Stamp.]

By far the most remarkable of the recently discovered remains of
the Roman occupants of Scotland is a medicine stamp, acquired by
the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, along with a very valuable
collection of antiquities, bequeathed to them by E. W. A. Drummond
Hay, Esq., formerly one of the secretaries of the society. From his
notes it appears that it was found in the immediate vicinity of Trenent
Church, East Lothian, in a quantity of _débris_, broken tiles, and
brick-dust, which may not improbably have once formed the residence
and laboratory of Lucius Vallatinus, the Roman oculist, whose name
this curious relic supplies. It consists of a small cube of pale
green stone, two and three-fifth inches in length, and engraved on
two sides as in the annexed woodcut; the letters being reversed for
the purpose of stamping the unguents or other medicaments retailed by
its original possessor. The inscriptions admit of being extended thus
on the one side: L. VALLATINI EVODES AD CICATRICES ET ASPRITUDINES,
which may be rendered--The evodes of Lucius Vallatinus for cicatrices
and granulations. The reverse, though in part somewhat more obscure,
reads: L. VALLATINI A PAL{O} CR{O}CODES AD DIATHESES--The crocodes, or
preparation of saffron, of L. Vallatinus, of the Palatine School,
(?) for affections of the eyes. Both the Euodes and the Crocodes are
prescriptions given by Galen, and occur on other medicine stamps.
Several examples have been found in England, and many in France and
Germany, supplying the names of their owners and the terms of their
preparations. Many of the latter indicate their chief use for diseases
of the eye, and hence they have most commonly received the name of
Roman oculists' stamps. No example, however, except the one figured
here, has ever occurred in Scotland; and amid legionary inscriptions,
military votive altars, and sepulchral tablets, it is peculiarly
interesting to stumble on this intelligent memento, restoring to us the
name of the old Roman physician who ministered to the colonists of the
Lothians the skill, and perchance also the charlatanry, of the healing
art.


CANDLES IN THE CHURCH.

In the formulæ of Marculphus, edited by Jerome Bignon, he tells us,
with respect to lights, that the use of them was of great antiquity
in the church; that the primitive Christians made use of them in the
assemblies which they held before day out of necessity; and that
afterwards they were retained even in daylight, as tokens of joy, and
in honour of the Deity. Lactantius says, speaking of the absurdities
of the wax lights in Romish churches, "They light up candles to God,
as if he lived in the dark; and do they not deserve to pass for madmen
who offer lamps and candles to the author and giver of light?" It is
really astounding to our ideas that wax candles as long as serjeants'
pikes should be held as necessary in the worship of God. That it is so
held, and that by a large class of Christians, every one must allow,
for they may have occular demonstration of the singular fact. The show
is however extremely imposing. Thirty-five thousand seven hundred and
fifty pounds of wax lights were burned every year, for nine hundred
masses said in the castle of Wittemburgh! Philip Melancthon speaks of a
Jesuit who said that "he would not extinguish one taper, though it were
to convert all the Huguenots" (Protestants).


A RICH AND CRUEL CRIMINAL.

John Ward, Esq. of Hackney, Member of Parliament, being prosecuted by
the Duchess of Buckingham, and convicted of forgery, was first expelled
from the House, and then stood on the pillory on the 17th of March,
1727. He was suspected of joining in a conveyance with Sir John Blount,
to secrete £50,000 of that director's estate, forfeited to the South
Sea Company by Act of Parliament. The Company recovered the £50,000
against Ward; but he set up prior conveyances of his real estate to his
brother and son, and concealed all his personal, which was computed
to be £150,000. These conveyances being also set aside by a bill in
chancery, Ward was imprisoned, and hazarded the forfeiture of his life,
by not giving in his effects till the last day, which was that of his
examination. During his confinement, his amusement was to give poison
to dogs and cats, and see them expire by slower or quicker torments. To
sum up the _worth_ of this man, at the several eras of his life; at his
standing in the pillory, he was worth above £200,000; at his commitment
to prison, he was worth £150,000.


FOOD OF THE ANCIENTS.

The diversity of substances which we find in the catalogue of articles
of food is as great as the variety with which the art or the science
of cookery prepares them. The notions of the ancients on this most
important subject are worthy of remark. Their taste regarding meat
was various. Beef they considered the most substantial food: hence
it constituted the chief nourishment of their athletæ. Camels' and
dromedaries' flesh was much esteemed, their heels most especially.
Donkey-flesh was in high repute: Mæcenas, according to Pliny, delighted
in it; and the wild ass, brought from Africa, was compared to venison.
In more modern times we find Chancellor Dupret having asses fattened
for his table. The hog and the wild boar appear to have been held in
great estimation; and a hog was called "animal propter convivia natum;"
but the classical portion of the sow was somewhat singular--"vulvâ
nil dulcius amplâ." Their mode of killing swine was as refined in
barbarity as in epicurism. Plutarch tells us that the gravid sow was
actually trampled to death, to form a delicious mass fit for the gods.
At other times, pigs were slaughtered with red-hot spits, that the
blood might not be lost. Stuffing a pig with assafoetida and various
small animals, was a luxury called "porcus Trojanus;" alluding, no
doubt, to the warriors who were concealed in the Trojan horse. Young
bears, dogs, and foxes, (the latter more esteemed when fed upon
grapes,) were also much admired by the Romans; who were also so fond of
various birds, that some consular families assumed the names of those
they most esteemed. Catius tells us how to drown fowls in Falernian
wine, to render them more luscious and tender. Pheasants were brought
over from Colchis, and deemed at one time such a rarity, that one of
the Ptolemies bitterly lamented his never having tasted any. Peacocks
were carefully reared in the island of Samos, and sold at such a high
price, that Varro informs us they fetched yearly upwards of £2,000 of
our money.


THE EARLIEST ENGLISH BIBLE.

The first translation of any part of the Holy Scriptures into English
that was committed to the press was the New Testament, translated from
the Greek, by William Tyndale, with the assistance of John Foye and
William Roye, and printed first in 1526, in octavo.

Tyndale published afterwards, in 1530, a translation of the Five Books
of Moses, and of Jonah, in 1531, in octavo. An English translation of
the Psalter, done from the Latin of Martin Bucer, was also published
at Strasburgh in 1530, by Francis Foye, in octavo. And the same book,
together with Jeremiah and the Song of Moses, were likewise published
in 1534, in duodecimo, by George Joye, sometime Fellow of Peter-House
in Cambridge.

The first time the whole Bible appeared in English was in the year
1535, in folio. The translator and publisher was Miles Coverdale,
afterwards Bishop of Exeter, who revised Tyndale's version, compared
it with the original, and supplied what had been left untranslated
by Tyndale. It was printed at Zurich, and dedicated to King Henry
the Eighth. This was the Bible, which by Cromwell's injunction of
September, 1536, was ordered to be laid in churches.


GREAT ERUPTION OF MOUNT ETNA.

One of the most remarkable eruptions of this mountain was that which
occurred in the year 1669, which was so violent that fifteen towns
and villages were destroyed, and the stream was so deep that the lava
flowed over the walls of Catania, sixty feet in height, and destroyed
a part of the city. But the most singular circumstance connected with
this eruption was the formation of a number of extensive fissures,
which appeared as though filled with intumescent rock. At the very
commencement of the volcanic excitement, one was formed in the plain
of St. Lio, twelve miles in length and six feet broad, which ejected
a vivid flame, and shortly after five others were opened. The town of
Nicolosi, situated twenty miles from the summit of Etna, was destroyed
by earthquake; and near the place where it stood two gulfs were formed,
from which so large a quantity of sand and scoriæ was thrown, that
a cone, called Mount Rossi, four hundred and fifty feet high, was
produced in about three months.


AMULETS WORN BY MODERN EGYPTIAN FEMALES.

[Illustration [++] Amulet.]

One of the most remarkable traits in modern Egyptian superstition is
the belief in written charms. The composition of most of these amulets
is founded upon magic, and occasionally employs the pen of almost
every village schoolmaster in Egypt. A person of this description,
however, seldom pursues the study of magic further than to acquire
the formulæ of a few charms, commonly consisting, for the greater
part, of certain passages of the Koran, and names of God, together
with those of spirits, genii, prophets, or eminent saints, intermixed
with combinations of numerals, and with diagrams, all of which are
supposed to have great secret virtues. The amulet thus composed, or
_hhega'b_, as it is called, is covered with waxed cloth, to preserve
it from accidental pollution, and enclosed in a case of thin embossed
gold or silver, which is attached to a silk string, or a chain, hung
on the right side, above the girdle, the string or chain being passed
over the left shoulder. Sometimes these cases bear Arabic inscriptions,
such as "Ma´sha-lla´h" ("God's will") and "Ya´cha´dee el-hhaga´t" ("O
decreer of the things that are needful!") We here insert an engraving
of three hhega'bs of gold, attached to a string, to be worn together.
The central one is a thin, flat case, containing a folded paper: it is
about a third of an inch thick; the others are cylindrical cases, with
hemispherical ends, and contain scrolls: each has a row of burck along
the bottom. Hhega´bs such as these, or of a triangular form, are worn
by many children, as well as women; and those of the latter form are
attached to a child's head-dress.


PERSONAL ORNAMENTS OF THE ANCIENT EGYPTIANS.

The passion of the Egyptians for decorative jewellery was indeed
excessive. Men as well as women delighted thus to adorn themselves;
and the desire was not confined to the higher ranks, for though the
subordinate classes could not afford the sparkling gems and precious
metals which glowed upon the persons of their superiors, their vanity
was gratified by humbler imitations, of bronze, glass, and porcelain.

"Costly and elegant ornaments," observes Professor Rosselini, "abounded
in proportion as clothing in general was simple and scarce among the
Egyptians. Girdles, necklaces, armlets, ear-rings, and amulets of
various kinds suspended from the neck, are found represented in the
painting, and in fact still exist on the mummies. Figures of noble
youths are found entirely devoid of clothing, but richly ornamented
with necklaces and other jewels."

An immense number of these "jewels of silver and jewels of gold"
have been found in the tombs, and on the persons of mummies, and are
deposited in profusion in every museum. The accompanying engravings
will give an idea of the style and form of some of them.

[Illustration [++] Personal Ornaments.]

The ear-rings generally worn by the ladies were large, round, single
hoops (as _a_) from 1-1/2 inches to 2-1/3 inches in diameter; and
frequently of a still greater size; or made of six rings soldered
together (as _b_); sometimes an asp, whose body was of gold, set with
precious stones, was worn by persons of rank as a fashionable caprice.
Figures _c_, _d_, of gold bear the heads of fanciful animals; _e_,
also of gold, is remarkable for its singularity of form, and for the
delicacy of its workmanship; and _f_ for its carrying two pearls and
being double in its construction.

[Illustration [++] Ear-Rings.]

Bracelets, armlets, and anklets were worn by men as well as by women;
they were usually of gold, frequently set with precious stones, or
inlaid with enamel. The one marked _a_ in the annexed cut is now in the
Leyden Museum: it is of gold, 3 inches in diameter, and 1-1/2 inches in
height, and is interesting, because it belonged to the Pharaoh whom we
conclude to have been the patron and friend of Joseph, Thothmes III.,
whose name it bears. The armlet _b_ is of gold, and represents a snake;
the other, _c_, is of bronze. Rings were worn in profusion, gold being
the material chiefly selected. Some resemble watch seals of the present
day--sometimes the stone having four flat sides, all engraved, turned
on a pivot, like some seals seen at present. One of this character,
which Sir J. G. Wilkinson estimates to contain 20_l._ worth of gold,
is represented at _d_ in the above engraving. It consists of a massive
ring of gold, bearing an oblong plinth of the same metal, an inch in
length, and more than half an inch in its greatest width. On one side
is engraved the hieroglyphic name of Storus, the successor of Amunoph
III.; the three others contain respectively a scorpion, a crocodile,
and a lion.


GREAT PEAR TREE.

The most remarkable pear tree in England stands on the glebe of the
parish of Holme Lacy, in Herefordshire. When the branches of this
tree, in its original state, became long and heavy, their extremities
drooped till they reached the ground. They then took root; each branch
became a new tree, and in its turn produced others in the same way.
Eventually it extended itself until it covered more than an acre of
ground, and would probably have reached much further if it had been
suffered to do so. It is stated in the church register, that "the great
natural curiosity, the great pear tree upon the glebe, adjoining to the
vicarage-house, produced this year (1776) fourteen hogsheads of perry,
each hogshead containing one hundred gallons." Though now much reduced
in size, it is still healthy and vigorous, and generally produces from
two to five hogsheads. The liquor is not of a good quality, being very
strong and heating. An idea of the superior size of this tree, when in
its prime, over others of the same kind, may be formed from the fact,
that in the same county, an acre of ground is usually planted with
thirty trees, which, in a good soil, produce annually, when full grown,
twenty gallons of perry each. So large a quantity as a hogshead from
one tree is very unusual. The sorts principally used for perry are such
as have an austere juice.


LAW OF THE MOZCAS.

A very remarkable law prevailed among the Mozcas, one of the tribes
of the Nuevo Reyno de Granada. There, as among more advanced nations,
the king could do no wrong; but the subordinate chiefs could. These
chiefs were men, the people reasoned, like themselves; they could not
be punished by their vassals, for there would be a natural unfitness
in that; the king, it seems, was not expected to interfere, except
in cases of state offences; the power of punishment, therefore, was
vested in their wives; and a power it was, says Piedrahita, which they
exercised famously whenever it fell to them to be judges of their poor
husbands. The conqueror Quesada calling one morning upon the chief of a
place called Suesca, found him under the hands of his nine wives, who
were tying him, and having done so, proceeded, in spite of Quesada's
intercession, to flog him one after the other. His offence was, that
some Spaniards the night before had lodged in his house, and he had
partaken too freely of their Spanish wine. Drunkenness was one of the
sins which fell under the cognizance of his wives: they carried him
to bed that he might sleep himself sober, and then awoke him in the
morning to receive the rigour of the law.


LARGEST METAL STATUE IN THE WORLD.

Arona is an island on the Lago Maggiore, and has a strong castle. Upon
an eminence is a statue of bronze to St. Charles Borromeo, from whom
the hill is called, Monte di S. Carlo. The statue was erected by the
Pope in 1624, in memory of the Saint, who was Archbishop of Milan.
The pedestal of the statue is thirty-six feet high. It is the largest
metal statue in existence; and the height of the statue itself is
seventy-two feet, making a total of 108 feet. Fifteen persons may get
into the saint's head, which will also accommodate four persons and a
table on which they can dine. The cost is said to have been one million
one hundred Milanaise livres.


THE OAK OF MAMRE.

In one remarkable instance the Jews, the Christians, and the pagan
Arabs united in religious feelings. This was in their reverence for
the Oak of Mamre, where the angels appeared to Abraham: for Abraham's
sake the Jews held the place holy; the Arabs for the angels'; the
Christians, because, in their ignorance of their Scriptures, they
affirmed that the Son of God had accompanied those angels to destroy
Sodom and Gomorrah. An annual fair was held there, and every man
sacrificed after the manner of his country; nor was the meeting ever
disgraced by any act of intemperance or indecency. Nothing had been
done to injure the venerable antiquity of the place. There was nothing
but the well which Abraham had dug, and the buildings which he had
inhabited, beside the oak. These remains were destroyed by order of
Constantine, in abhorrence of the _impious_ toleration exhibited
there! A church was built upon the spot, and Mamre, so interesting to
the poet, the philosopher, and the pious man, became a mere den of
superstition.


STRANGE ADVERTISEMENT.

The following appeared in the _Evening Post_, May 23rd, 1730:--

"I, Elizabeth, duchess dowager of Hamilton, acknowledge I have for
several months been ill in my health, but never speechless, as certain
penny authors have printed; and so, to confute these said authors
and their intelligence, it is thought by my most intimate friends,
_it is the very last thing that will happen to me_. I am so good an
Englishwoman, that I would not have my countrymen imposed upon by
purchasing false authors; therefore, have ordered this to be printed
that they may know what papers to buy and believe, that are not to be
bribed by those who may have private ends for false reports. The copy
of this is left in the hands of Mr. Berington, to be shown to any body
who has a curiosity to see it signed with my own hand.

  "E. HAMILTON."


INTERMITTENT SPRINGS.

One of the most remarkable of these is at Bolder-Born in Westphalia.
After flowing for twenty-four hours, it entirely ceases for the
space of six hours. It then returns with a loud noise, in a stream
sufficiently powerful to turn three mills very near its source. Another
spring of the same nature occurs at Bihar in Hungary, which issues many
times a day, from the foot of a mountain, in such a quantity as in a
few minutes to fill the channel of a considerable stream.

The Lay Well near Torbay, ebbs and flows sixteen times in an hour: and
in Giggleswick Well in Yorkshire, the water sometimes rises and falls
in ten or fifteen minutes.

St. Anthony's Well, on Arthur's Seat, near Edinburgh, has a similar
movement, but on a smaller scale.

In Savoy, near the lake of Bourget, is another spring of this kind, but
it differs from those which have been already mentioned in being very
uncertain in its intervals.


CURIOUS JEWEL WHICH BELONGED TO JAMES I.

In former times it was a common practice with princes and nobles to
have elaborate articles of jewellery constructed in such forms as had
a religious and emblematical signification. An inventory of the Dukes
of Burgundy, made in 1396, speaks of a _fleur-de-lys_ which opened,
and contained inside a picture of the Crucifixion. In 1416, the Duke
of Berri had "a fair apple," which opened, and contained within on one
side the figure of Christ, and on the other that of the Virgin. Among
the jewels of the Dukes of Burgundy in 1392 there were two pears of
gold, enamelled, each containing an image of Our Lady. We find similar
entries in the other different inventories of the Dukes of Burgundy:
An apple of silver, enamelled, containing in the inside a picture of
St. Catherine, in 1400; a pine-apple of gold, which contained figures
of the birth of Christ, and of the three kings, in 1467; and, in the
same year, two apples of gold, one containing, on the opposite halves,
Our Lady and St. Paul, the other, St. Peter and St. Paul--the latter
suspended by three small chains. These kinds of devices continued in
fashion till a much later period, and a very curious example, from the
collection of Lord Londesborough, which appears to have belonged to
King James I., is here engraved.

[Illustration [++] Small Skull.]

[Illustration [++] Apple.]

The whole is of silver, and the leaves appear to have been painted
green. On opening it we find in the inside the small skull here
represented above the apple. The top of the skull opens like a lid,
and inside are two small paintings, representing the Creation and the
Resurrection, with the inscription, "_Post Mortem, vita eternitas_."
The external inscription is not gallant. To give the apple externally
a more natural appearance, there are marks of two bites on the side
opposite that here represented, showing a large and small set of teeth.


STRANGE CURIOSITIES.

In the Anatomy Hall of Leyden is a drinking cup of the skull of a Moor,
killed in the beleaguring of Haerlem. Also a cup made of a double brain
pan. We observe also that No. 51 is the skin of a woman, and No. 52 the
skin of a woman, prepared like leather; No. 53 the skin of a Malacca
woman, above 150 years old, presented by Richard Snolk, who probably
had her flayed.


THE CROSS OF CONG.

The cross, of which the following is a correct representation,
possesses eminent claims to a place among our curiosities, since it
constitutes the gem of the Museum of the Royal Irish Academy.

[Illustration [++] Cross of Kong.]

This cross was made at Roscommon, by native Irishmen, about the year
1123, in the reign of Turlogh O'Connor, father of Roderick, the last
monarch of Ireland, and contains what was supposed to be a piece of the
true cross, as inscriptions in Irish, and Latin in the Irish character,
upon two of its sides record. The engraving affords a correct idea of
the original, as the extremely minute and elaborate ornaments with
which it is completely covered, and a portion of which is worked in
pure gold, could not possibly be expressed on so reduced a scale. The
ornaments generally consist of tracery and grotesque animals fancifully
combined, and similar in character to the decorations found upon
crosses of stone of about the same period. A large crystal, through
which a portion of the wood which the cross was formed to enshrine is
visible, is set in the centre.


FOOT-RACING IN 1699.

A remarkable foot-race was run about the year 1699, which is thus
described in the manuscript journal of a lady who was one of the
spectators:--"I drove through the forest of Windsor to see a race run
by two footmen, an English and a Scotch, the former a taller bigger man
than the other. The ground measured and cut even in a round was about
four miles; they were to run it round so often as to make up twenty-two
miles, which was the distance between Charing Cross and Windsor Cross,
that is, five times quite round, and so far as to make up the odd
miles and measure. They ran a round in twenty-five minutes. I saw them
run the first three rounds and half another in an hour and seventeen
minutes, and they finished it in two hours and a half. The Englishman
gained the start the second round, and kept it at the same distance the
five rounds, and then the Scotchman came up to him and got before him
to the post. The Englishman fell down within a few yards of the post.
Many hundred pounds were won and lost about it. They ran both very
neatly, but my judgment gave it to the Scotchman, because he seemed to
save himself to the last push."


THE CHERRY TREE.

The Cherry Tree was introduced into Great Britain before A.D. 53. The
earliest mention of the fruit being exposed to sale by hawkers in
London is in Henry the Fifth's reign, 1415. New sorts were introduced
from Flanders, by Richard Haines, Henry the Eighth's fruiterer, and
being planted in Kent were called "Flanders," or "Kentish Cherries," of
which Gerard (1597) says, "They have a better juice, but watery, cold,
and moist." Philips says, "There is an account of a cherry-orchard of
thirty-two acres in Kent, which, in the year 1540, produced fruit that
sold in those early days, for 1,000_l._; which seems an enormous sum,
as at that period good land is stated to have let at one shilling per
acre." Evelyn tells us, that in his time (1662) an acre planted with
cherries, one hundred miles from London, had been let at 10_l._ During
the Commonwealth (1649), the manor and mansion of Henrietta Maria,
Queen of Charles I., at Wimbledon, in Surrey, were surveyed previously
to being sold, and it appears that there were upwards of two hundred
cherry trees in the gardens. Since that time the cherry tree has found
universal admission into shrubberies, gardens, and orchards.


INSTRUCTIONS TO A CHAPLAIN.

The following, and we believe they are unique, are Sir John Wynne of
Gwedir's instructions to his chaplain, the Rev. John Pryce. "First, you
shall have the chamber I showed you in my gate, private to yourself,
with lock and key, and all necessaries. In the morning, I expect you
should rise, and say prayers in my hall, to my household below, before
they go to work, and when they come in at night, that you call before
you all the workmen, specially the youth, and take account of them
of their belief, and of what Sir Meredith taught them. I beg you to
continue for the most part in the lower house: you are to have onlye
what is done there, that you may inform me of any disorder there. There
is a bayliff of husbandry and a porter, who will be commanded by you.
The morning after you be up, and have said prayers, as afore, I would
you to bestow in study on any commendable exercise of your body. Before
dinner you are to come up and attend grace or prayers, if there be any
publicke; and to sit up if there be not greater strangers above the
chyldren, who you are to teach in your own chamber. When the table
from half downwards is taken up, then you are to rise and to walk in
the alleys near at hand until grace time, and to come in then for that
purpose. After dinner, if I be busy, you may go to bowles, shuffel
bord, or any other honest, decent recreation, until I go abroad. If
you see me void of business, and go to ride abroad, you shall command
a gelding to be made ready by the grooms of the stable, and to go with
me. If I go to bowles or shuffel bord, I shall lyke of your company,
if the place be not made up with strangers. I would have you to go
every Sunday in the year to some church hereabouts, to preache, giving
warnynge to the parish, to bring the yowths at after noon to the church
to be catechysed; in which poynt is my greatest care that you should
be paynfull and dylygent. Avoyd the alehouse, to sytte and keepe
drunkard's company ther, being the greatest discredit your function can
have."


TWO MISERS.

In the year 1778 died, at a village near Reading, John Jackson,
aged ninety-three, and James Jackson, aged eighty-seven. These two
brothers were old bachelors, and afforded a striking instance of the
insufficiency of wealth to create happiness. Though these old men had
been blest with great riches ever since they were twenty years of age,
they absolutely denied themselves the common necessaries of life;
and lived in the village for fifty years past as poor men, and often
accepted of charity from rich persons who resided near them. They never
suffered any woman or man to come into their apartment (which was only
one shabby room), and were both taken ill, and languishing a short
time, they expired on the same day, within one hour of each other. It
is computed, by the writings left behind them, that they died worth
£150,000.


ANECDOTE OF THE HOUSE OF BRUNSWICK.

The following anecdote relating to the august House of Brunswick
is taken from the "Annual Register" of 1765:--"The late Duchess of
Blakenburgh, great grandmother to the hereditary prince, who died
some years since in a very advanced age, had the singular happiness
to reckon amongst her posterity, sixty-two princes and princesses;
(fifty-three of whom she saw at one time alive;) and amongst them three
emperors, two empresses, two kings, and two queens; a circumstance
that, probably, no sovereign house but that of Brunswick ever produced
anything like it."


AMUSEMENTS OF SOME LEARNED AUTHORS.

Tycho Brahe polished glass for spectacles, and made mathematical
instruments. D'Andilly delighted, like our Evelyn, in forest-trees;
Balzac, with the manufacturing of crayons; Pieresc, with his medals and
antiques; the Abbé de Marolles, with engravings; Rohault's greatest
recreation was in seeing different mechanics at their labour; Arnauld
read the most trashy novels for relaxation; as did our Warburton, the
late Lords Loughborough and Camden; Montaigne fondled his cat; Cardinal
Richelieu, in jumping and leaping. Grumm informs us that the Chevalier
de Boufflers would crow like a cock, and bray like an ass; in both of
which he excelled, not metaphorically but literally.


EARLY GERMAN DRINKING CUP.

[Illustration: [++] Early German Drinking Cup.]

The above, taken from the Londesborough collection, is a good example
of the German drinking cups of fanciful shape, which were so much in
fashion in that country in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. The
specimen before us is of silver, and dated 1619. The mill and scroll
ornament on the cup are gilt. It was held in the hand to be filled, and
could not be set down until emptied; the drinker, blowing through the
tube into the mill, set the sails in motion, and reversed the cup on
the table.


THE KING'S STONE.

[Illustration: [++] The King's Stone.]

Kingston-on-Thames is among the oldest of English towns; and is said
to have been "the metropolis of the Anglo-Saxon kings:" certainly it
was a famous place when the Romans found and conquered the Britons in
this locality: there are indeed arguments for believing that the "ford"
which Cæsar crossed was here, and not at Walton; and indications of
barrows, fosses, and ramparts of Roman origin, are to be found in many
places in the neighbourhood. It is more than probable that a bridge was
constructed by the Romans here, and that a fortress was erected for its
protection. The Saxons followed in due course, and here they had many
contests with their enemies the Danes; but A.D. 838, Egbert convened at
Kingston an assembly of ecclesiastics and nobles in council, and here,
undoubtedly, many of the Saxon kings were crowned: "The townish men,"
says Leland, "have certen knowledge that a few kinges were crounid
afore the Conqueste." Its first charter was from King John, and many
succeeding sovereigns accorded to it various grants and immunities.
During the war between Charles I. and the Parliament, Kingston was the
scene of several "fights," being always on the side of the king. The
town is now populous and flourishing, although without manufactures of
any kind. Since the establishment of a railway, villa residences have
largely increased in the neighbourhood; and the two suburbs, Surbiton
and Norbiton, are pretty and densely-crowded villages of good houses.
The church has suffered much from mutilation and restoration; it is a
spacious structure, and was erected about the middle of the fourteenth
century, on the site of an earlier edifice. Amongst the monuments is a
fine brass, to a civilian and his wife, of the year 1437. Of existing
antiquities there are but few: county historians, however, point out
the sites of the ancient Saxon palace, "the castle," the Jews' quarter,
and the Roman town, Tamesa; and the game of "foot-ball," it is said, is
still practised by the inhabitants on Shrove Tuesday, in commemoration
of the feats of their ancestors, by whom the head of a king-assassin
was "kicked" about the town. But perhaps the most interesting object
now to be found in Kingston is "THE KING'S STONE." It had long
remained neglected, though not unknown, among disregarded heaps of
_débris_ in "the new court-yard," when it occurred to some zealous and
intelligent antiquaries that so venerable a relic of remote ages was
entitled to some show of respect. It was consequently removed from its
degraded position, planted in the centre of the town, and enclosed by
a "suitable" iron railing. It is now, therefore, duly and properly
honoured, as may be seen by the preceding engraving.


TRANCE AT WILL.

Colonel Townsend possessed the remarkable faculty of throwing himself
into a trance at pleasure. The heart ceased apparently to throb at
his bidding, respiration seemed at an end, his whole frame assumed
the icy chill and rigidity of death; while his face became colourless
and shrunk, and his eye fixed, glazed, and ghastly. His mind itself
ceased to manifest itself, for during the trance it was as utterly
devoid of consciousness as his body of animation. In this state he
would remain for hours, when these singular phenomena wore away, and
he returned to his usual condition. Medical annals furnish no parallel
to this extraordinary case. Considered whether in a physiological or
metaphysical point of view, it is equally astonishing and inexplicable.


DESTRUCTIVE FORCE OF RATS.

The amount of destructive force possessed by rats cannot be better
exemplified than in the report given to the French Government, relating
to the removal of the horse slaughter-houses, situated at Montfaucon,
to a greater distance from Paris; one great objection being the
disastrous consequences which might accrue to the inhabitants of the
neighbourhood, if these voracious creatures were suddenly deprived of
their usual sustenance. It is well known that the mischief which they
occasion is not confined to what they eat; but they undermine houses,
burrow through dams, destroy drains, and commit incalculable havoc in
every place and in everything.

The report states, that the carcases of horses killed one day, and
amounting to thirty-five, would be found the next morning with the
bones picked clean. A person of the name of Dusaussois, belonging
to the establishment, made this experiment. A part of his yard was
enclosed by solid walls, at the foot of which, several holes were made
for the entrance and exit of the rats. Into this enclosure he put the
bodies of three horses, and in the middle of the night he stopped up
all the holes as quietly as he could; he then summoned several of his
workmen, and each, armed with a torch and a stick, entered the yard,
and carefully closed the door. They then commenced a general massacre;
in doing which, it was not necessary to take aim, for wherever the blow
fell it was sure to knock over a rat, none being allowed to escape by
climbing over the walls. This experiment was repeated at intervals of
a few days, and at the end of a month, 16,050 rats had been destroyed.
In one night they killed 2,650; and yet this cannot give an entirely
adequate idea of their number, for the yard in question did not cover
more than a twentieth part of the space allotted to killing horses. The
rats in this place have made burrows for themselves, like catacombs;
and so great is their number, that they have not found room close by
the slaughter-houses. They have gone farther; and the paths to and from
their dwellings may be traced across the neighbouring fields.


ORDEAL OF THE CROSS.

When a person accused of any crime had declared his innocence upon
oath, and appealed to the cross for its judgment in his favour, he
was brought into the church before the altar. The priest previously
prepared two sticks exactly like one another, upon one of which was
carved a figure of the cross. They were both wrapped up, with great
care and many ceremonies, in a quantity of fine wool, and laid upon the
altar, or on the relics of the saints. A solemn prayer was then offered
up to God, that he would be pleased to discover, by the judgment of
his holy cross, whether the accused person were innocent or guilty.
A priest then approached the altar, and took up one of the sticks,
and the assistants unswathed it reverently. If it was marked with the
cross, the accused person was innocent; if unmarked, he was guilty.
It would be unjust to assert, that the judgments just delivered were
in all cases erroneous; and it would be absurd to believe that they
were left altogether to chance. Many true judgments were doubtless
given, and, in all probability, most conscientiously; for we cannot but
believe that the priests endeavoured beforehand to convince themselves
by strict inquiry and a strict examination of the circumstances,
whether the appellant were innocent or guilty, and that they took up
the crossed or uncrossed stick accordingly. Although, to all other
observers, the sticks, as enfolded in the wool, might appear exactly
similar, those who enwrapped them could, without any difficulty,
distinguish the one from the other.


KING JOHN AND POPE INNOCENT.

When Cardinal Langton was made Archbishop of Canterbury, by the
intrigues of the Pope, whose creature he was, in despite of King John,
to appease the latter, his Holiness presented him with four gold rings,
set with precious stones, and enhanced the value of the gift (mark
that, jewellers!) by informing him of the many mysteries implied in it.
He begged of him (John) to consider seriously the _form_ of the rings,
their _number_, their _matter_, and their _colour_. Their _form_, he
said, being round, shadowed out eternity, which had neither beginning
nor end, and he ought thence to learn the duty of aspiring from
earthly objects to heavenly, from things temporal to things eternal.
The _numbers_ four, being a square, denoted steadiness of mind, not
to be subverted either by prosperity or adversity, fixed for ever in
the basis of the four cardinal virtues. _Gold_, which is the matter,
being the most precious of metals, signified wisdom, which is the
most precious of all accomplishments, and justly preferred by Solomon
to riches, power, and all exterior attainments. The blue _colour_ of
the sapphire represented faith; the verdure of the emerald hope; the
richness of the ruby charity; and the splendour of the topaz good works.


DRUID'S SEAT.

[Illustration: [++] Druid's Judgment Seat.]

The singular pile of stones which we have sketched here is popularly
called the "Druid's Judgment Seat," and stands near the village of
Killiney, not far from Drogheda, near the Martello Tower. It was
formerly enclosed within a circle of great stones and a ditch. The
former has been destroyed, and the latter so altered that little
of its ancient character remains. The "Seat" is composed of large,
rough, granite blocks, and if really of the period to which tradition
refers it, an unusual degree of care must have been exercised for its
preservation. The following are its measurements: Breadth, at the
base, eleven feet and a half; depth of the seat, one foot nine inches;
extreme height, seven feet.


BOOTS AN OBJECT OF HONOUR.

Among the Chinese no relics are more valuable than the _boots_ which
have been worn by an upright magistrate. In Davis's interesting
description of the empire of China, we are informed, that whenever
a judge of unusual integrity resigns his situation, the people all
congregate to do him honour. If he leaves the city where he has
presided, the crowd accompany him from his residence to the gates,
where his boots are drawn off with great ceremony, to be preserved
in the hall of justice. Their place is immediately supplied by a new
pair, which, in their turn, are drawn off to make room for others
before he has worn them five minutes, it being considered sufficient to
consecrate them that he should have merely drawn them on.


SAINT LAWRENCE.

In the south aisle of the church at Tuxford, beneath a flowery arch is
a very rude relief of St. Lawrence placed on the gridiron. By him is a
fellow with a pair of bellows, blowing the fire, and the executioner
going to turn him. The zealous Fox, in his "Martyrology," has this very
thought, and makes the martyr say, in the midst of his sufferings,
"This side is now roasted; turn me, O tyrant dear."


PARIS GARDEN AT BLACKFRIARS.

[Illustration: [++] Paris Garden.]

The Blackfriar's Road now passes over the site of Paris Garden where,
in the sixteenth century, bear and bull-baiting rejoiced the citizens,
the gala days being usually Sundays. Our cut is copied from the rare
woodcut map in the time of Henry VIII., in the library at Guildhall,
and exhibits in the foreground the kennels for the dogs, and the tanks
in which they were washed. A graphic description of the place has
been left by Paul Hentzner, a German, who visited it in 1598. He says
it was "built in the form of a theatre, for the baiting of bulls and
bears: they are fastened behind, and then worried by great English
bull-dogs; but not without great risk to the dogs, from the horns of
the one and the teeth of the other; and it sometimes happens they are
killed upon the spot: fresh ones are immediately supplied in the place
of those that are wounded or tired. To this entertainment there often
follows that of whipping a blinded bear, which is performed by five or
six men, standing circularly with whips, which they exercise upon him
without any mercy, as he cannot escape from them because of his chain.
He defends himself with all his force and skill, throwing down all who
come within his reach, and are not active enough to get out of it,
and tearing the whips out of their hands, and breaking them. At these
spectacles, and everywhere else, the English are constantly smoking
tobacco. Fruits, such as apples, pears, and nuts, according to the
season, are carried about to be sold, as well as ale and wine."


CANVASS OF AN INSURANCE AGENT.

The Manchester agent of an Insurance Company, gives the following
curious results of a personal canvass at 1,349 houses, in seventy
streets in the district of Hulme and Charlton, chiefly rentals from
£12 to £24 per annum. The inquiry showed that there were 29 insured; 8
persons too old; 11 who never heard of life assurances, and who were
anxious to have it explained to them; 471 who had heard of it, but did
not understand it; 419 who were disinclined to assure; 19 favourable,
if their surplus incomes were not otherwise invested; 89 persons who
had it under consideration, with a view to assure, as soon as their
arrangements were completed, and who appointed times for the agent to
call again; 21 refused the circulars, or to allow an explanation; 175
doors not answered; 102 houses empty; 3 had sufficient property not to
require it; 1 favourable, but afraid of litigation; 1 preferred the
saving's bank; 1 used abusive language; 2 would trust their families to
provide for themselves; and 1 had been rejected by an office, although
he never was unwell, and was consequently afraid to try again, although
very anxious.


TERRA-COTTA WRITINGS.

The Assyrians, unlike any other nation of antiquity, employed pottery
for the same objects, and to the same extent as papyrus was used in
Egypt. Thus bulletins recording the king's victories, and even the
annals of his reign, were published on terra-cotta cylinders, shaped
like a rolling-pin, and usually hollow, and on hollow hexagonal
prisms. These are of a remarkably fine material, sometimes unpolished
or unglazed, and at others covered with a vitreous siliceous glaze,
or white coating. On the cylinders the inscriptions are engraved
lengthwise; on the prisms they are in compartments on each face.
Each wedge is about one-eighth of an inch long, and the complicity
with which the characters (a cuneiform writing-hand) are arranged is
wonderful, and renders them extremely difficult for a tyro to read.
Those hitherto published or known, contain the annals of the reign of
Sennacherib, and the précis of the reign of another king.

There are the Shergat cylinder, containing the History of Tiglath
Pileser; a cylinder of Sargon; Sennacherib's cylinders; Esarhaddon's
cylinder.

Sales of land and other title-deeds were also incised on pieces of this
polished terra-cotta, and, in order to prevent any enlargement of the
document, a cylinder was run round the edges, leaving its impression
in relief; or if the names of witnesses were affixed, each impressed
his oval seal on the wet terra-cotta, which was then carefully baked
in the kiln. The celebrated cylinders of carnelian, chalcedony, and
other substances, were in fact the official or private seals by which
the integrity of these documents was attested. These title-deeds are
portable documents of four or five inches square, convex on each side,
and occasionally also at the edges. Their colour varies, being a bright
polished brown, a pale yellow, and a very dark tint, almost black. The
paste of which they are made is remarkably fine and compact. The manner
in which the characters were impressed on the terra-cotta barrels and
cylinders is not known; those on the bricks used for building were
apparently stamped from a mould, but those on the deeds and books
were separately incised, perhaps with a prismatic stick, or rod, or,
as others have conjectured, with the edge of a square rod of metal.
In some instances, where this substance was used for taking accounts,
it seems just possible that the moist clay, rolled up like paste, may
have been unrolled and incised with rods. The characters are often so
beautifully and delicately made, that it must have required a finely
constructed tool to produce them.

Some small fragments of a fine reddish-grey terra-cotta which have been
found among the ruins, appear to contain calculations or inventories,
whilst others are perhaps syllabaries or vocabularies, to guide the
Assyrian readers of these difficult inscriptions. A large chamber, or
library, of these archives, comprising histories, deeds, almanacks, and
spelling-books, was found in the palace of Sennacherib at Kouyunjik.
It is supposed that altogether about 20,000 of these clay tablets
or ancient books of the Assyrians, containing the literature of
the country, have been discovered. Some of the finer specimens are
covered with a pale straw-covered engobe, over which has been thrown a
glaze. Some horoscopes have been already found on stone, and careful
examination has now detected the records of some astronomer royal of
Babylon or Nineveh inscribed on a brick. Thus, while the paper and
parchment learning of the Byzantine and Alexandrian schools has almost
disappeared after a few centuries, the granite pages of Egypt, and the
clay leaves of Assyria, have escaped the ravages of time and the fury
of barbarism.

In Egypt some receipts and letters have been discovered written on
fragments of tile, and on the fine porcelain of the Chinese are
often found extracts of biographical works, snatches of poetry, and
even whole poems; but the idea of issuing journals, title-deeds,
inventories, histories, prayers, and poems, not from the press, but
from the kiln, is startling in the nineteenth century.


WONDERFUL FORMATION OF THE EYE IN INSECTS.

The perfection which is bestowed on the organs of sense in insects,
especially when we consider their minuteness, is calculated to fill us
with adoring admiration of the skill of "the Great Workmaster." Take an
example from the _eyes_, which are of several kinds, evidently designed
for distinct modes of vision, of which we, who have but one sort of
eyes, can form no adequate notion. The bee and many other insects have
on the crown of the head a number, usually three, of simple glassy
eyes, set like "bull's-eyes" in a ship's deck; and besides these a
great compound eye on each side, consisting of a multitude of lenses
aggregated together upon the same optic nerve. The microscope reveals
to us that the compound eye of an ant contains fifty lenses; that of
a fly, four thousand; that of a dragon-fly, twelve thousand; that of
a butterfly, seventeen thousand; and that of a species of _Mordella_
(a kind of beetle), the amazing number of twenty-five thousand. Every
one of these regular, polished, and many-sided lenses; is the external
surface of a distinct eye, furnished with its own iris and pupil, and
a perfect nervous apparatus. It will thus be seen that each hexagonal
facet forms a transparent horny lens, immediately behind which is a
layer of pigment diminishing to a point in the centre, where it forms
a pupil; that behind this a long six-sided prism, answering to the
crystalline and vitreous humours in the human eye, extends, diminishing
to its lower extremity, where it rests upon the retina, or network
expansion of the optic nerve. Some of the minuter details of this
exquisite organisation are still matters of conflicting opinion; but
these we omit, as our purpose is rather to convey to our readers a
general idea of the structure of this complex organ of vision. "This
also cometh forth from the Lord of Hosts, which is wonderful in counsel
and excellent in working."


FIRST COIN WITH BRITANNIA ON IT.

[Illustration: [++] Roman Coins.]

In process of clearing away the foundations of Old London Bridge many
antiquities were discovered; it had been the great highway over the
Thames from the Roman era, and numerous relics were obtained, varying
in date from that period to our own. We here engrave such specimens
of Roman coins that were found as belong to the Britannic series. The
large central coin is one struck by Hadrian, and remarkable for the
figure of Britannia, the first time impersonated as an armed female
seated on a rock. It is the prototype of the more modern Britannia,
reintroduced by Charles II., and which still appears on our copper
money. The smaller coins are such as were struck, during the reign of
Constantine the Great, in the City of London, and are marked with the
letters P. LON., for "Pecunia Londinensis," money of London.


EXTRAORDINARY FORMATION OF THE TWIN-WORM.

An extraordinary creature was discovered by Dr. Nordman, infesting the
gills of one of our commonest river fishes--_Cyprinus Brama_--and to
which he gave the appropriate appellation of the Twin-worm (_Diplozoon
paradoxum_). It is not more than one-fourth of an inch in length, but
consists of two bodies, precisely resembling each other, united by
a central band, exactly in the manner of the Siamese youths, whose
exhibition excited so much attention in England and America a few
years ago. We might have supposed that, like the human monstrosity
in question, the Twin-worm was formed by the accidental union of two
individuals, if abundant observation had not proved that this is the
common mode of life belonging to the species.

Each portion of the animal is complete in all its organs and economy;
possessing its own sets of suckers, its own mouth, its own digestive
canal, with its tree-like ramifications, its own perfect generative
system, and its own elaborate series of vascular canals,--every organ
or set of organs in the one-half finding its exact counterpart in the
other.

It scarcely detracts from the marvellous character assumed by this
"Twin-worm," that, according to recent observations, the two halves
have already enjoyed a phase of existence as distinct individuals. The
organic union, or "fusion" of two such individuals, is necessary to
the development of the generative system, which, up to that event, is
wanting in each constituent half.


MILL AT LISSOY.

[Illustration: [++] Mill at Lissoy.]

The above picturesque sketch represents the "busy mill" at Lissoy,
better known as "Sweet Auburn--loveliest village of the plain"--the
scene of Goldsmith's beautiful poem of the "Deserted Village." Lissoy,
about six miles from Athlone, stands on the summit of a hill at the
base of which is the mill that forms the subject of our sketch. The
wheel is still turned by the water of a small rivulet, converted,
now and then, by rains, into a sufficient stream. The mill is a mere
country cottage, used for grinding the corn of the neighbouring
peasantry, and retains many tokens of age. Parts of the machinery are,
no doubt, above a century old, and are probably the very same that left
their impress on the poet's memory.


A CASTLE BUILT FOR A GROAT.

The castle of Monkstown, near Cork, is reported by popular tradition to
have been built in 1636, at the cost of only a groat. To explain the
enigma, the following story is told:--Anastatia Goold, who had become
the wife of John Archdeken, determined, while her husband was abroad,
serving in the army of Philip of Spain, to give him evidence of her
thrift on his return, by surprising him with a noble residence which he
might call his own. Her plan was to supply the workmen with provisions
and other articles they required, for which she charged the ordinary
price; but, as she had made her purchases wholesale, upon balancing her
accounts, it appeared that the retail profit had paid all the expenses
of the structure except fourpence! The Archdekens were an Anglo-Irish
family, who "degenerating" became "Hibernices quam Hiberniores"--more
Irish than the Irish themselves--and assumed the name of Mac Odo, or
Cody. They "forfeited," in 1688, having followed the fortunes of James
II.


BATTLE OF WATER-SNAKES.

The following story is narrated by Mr. St. John, in his "Letters of
an American Farmer." After describing the size and strength of some
hemp-plants, around which a wild vine had formed natural arbours,
he thus proceeds:--"As I was one day sitting, solitary and pensive,
in this primitive arbour, my attention was engaged by a strange
sort of rustling noise at some paces distance. I looked all around
without distinguishing anything, until I climbed up one of my great
hemp-stalks; when, to my astonishment, I beheld two snakes of a
considerable length, the one pursuing the other with great celerity
through a hemp-stubble field. The aggressor was of the black kind, six
feet long; the fugitive was a water snake, nearly of equal dimensions.
They soon met, and in the fury of their first encounter, appeared in an
instant firmly twisted together; and whilst their united tails beat the
ground, they mutually tried, with open jaws, to lacerate each other.
What a fell aspect did they present! Their heads were compressed to a
very small size; their eyes flashed fire; but, after this conflict had
lasted about five minutes, the second found means to disengage itself
from the first, and hurried towards the ditch. Its antagonist instantly
assumed a new posture, and, half-creeping, half-erect, with a majestic
mien, overtook and attacked the other again, which placed itself in
a similar attitude, and prepared to resist. The scene was uncommon
and beautiful; for, thus opposed, they fought with their jaws, biting
each other with the utmost rage; but, notwithstanding this appearance
of mutual courage and fury, the water snake still seemed desirous of
retreating towards the ditch, its natural element. This was no sooner
perceived by the keen-eyed black one, than, twisting its tail twice
round a stalk of hemp, and seizing its adversary by the throat, not by
means of its jaws, but by twisting its own neck twice round that of the
water snake, he pulled it back from the ditch. To prevent a defeat,
the latter took hold likewise of a stalk on the bank, and, by the
acquisition of that point of resistance, became a match for his fierce
antagonist. Strange was this to behold; two great snakes strongly
adhering to the ground, mutually fastened together by means of the
writhings which lashed them to each other, and stretched at their full
length; they pulled, but pulled in vain; and in the moments of greatest
exertion, that part of their bodies which was entwined seemed extremely
small, while the rest appeared inflated, and now and then convulsed
with strong undulations rapidly following each other. Their eyes
appeared on fire, and ready to start out of their heads. At one time
the conflict seemed decided; the water snake bent itself into great
folds, and by that operation rendered the other more than commonly
outstretched; the next minute the new struggles of the black one gained
an unexpected superiority; it acquired two great folds likewise, which
necessarily extended the body of its adversary in proportion as it
had contracted its own. These efforts were alternate; victory seemed
doubtful, inclining sometimes to one side, sometimes to the other,
until at last the stalk to which the black snake was fastened suddenly
gave way, and, in consequence of this accident, they both plunged into
the ditch. The water did not extinguish their vindictive rage, for by
their agitations I could still trace, though I could not distinguish,
their attacks. They soon reappeared on the surface, twisted together,
as in their first onset; but the black snake seemed to retain its
wonted superiority, for its head was exactly fixed above that of the
other, which it incessantly pressed down under the water, until its
opponent was stifled, and sank. The victor no sooner perceived its
enemy incapable of further resistance, than, abandoning it to the
current, it returned to the shore and disappeared."


FATES OF THE FAMILIES OF ENGLISH POETS.

It is impossible to contemplate the early death of Byron's only child
without reflecting sadly on the fates of other females of our greatest
poets. Shakspeare and Milton, each died without a son, but both left
daughters, and both names are now extinct. Shakspeare's was soon so.
Addison had an only child--a daughter, a girl of some five or six
years at her father's death. She died, unmarried, at the age of eighty
or more. Farquhar left two girls, dependant on the friendship of his
friend Wilkes, the actor, who stood nobly by them while he lived. They
had a small pension from the Government, and having long outlived
their father, and seen his reputation unalterably established, both
died unmarried. The son and daughter of Coleridge both died childless.
The two sons of Sir Walter Scott died without children--one of two
daughters died unmarried, and the Scotts of Abbotsford and Waverley
are now represented by the children of a daughter. How little could
Scott foresee the sudden failure of male issue? The poet of the "Fairie
Queen" lost a child when very young by fire, when the rebels burned his
house in Ireland. Some of the poets had sons and no daughters. Thus we
read of Chaucer's son,--of Dryden's sons,--of the sons of Burns,--of
Allan Ramsey's son,--of Dr. Young's son,--of Campbell's son,--of
Moore's son,--and of Shelley's son. Ben Johnson survived all his
children. Some, and those amongst the greatest, died unmarried--Butler,
Cowley, Congreve, Otway, Prior, Pope, Gay, Thompson, Cowper, Akenside,
Shenstone, Collins, Gray, Goldsmith, and Rogers, who lately died. Some
were unfortunate in their sons in a sadder way than death could make
them. Lady Lovelace has left three children--two sons and a daughter.
Her mother is still alive to see, perhaps, with a softened spirit, the
shade of the father beside the early grave of his only child. Ada's
looks, in her later years--years of suffering, borne with gentle and
womanly fortitude--have been happily caught by Mr. Henry Phillips,
whose father's pencil has preserved to us the best likeness of Ada's
father.


JEFFERY HUDSON, THE DWARF OF THE COURT OF CHARLES I.

The celebrated dwarf of whom we here give a sketch, was born at Oakham
in Rutlandshire in 1619, and about the age of seven or eight, being
then but eighteen inches high, was retained in the service of the
Duke of Buckingham, who resided at Burleigh-on-the-Hill. Soon after
the marriage of Charles I., the king and queen being entertained at
Burleigh, little Jeffery was served up at table in a cold pie, and
presented by the duchess to the queen, who kept him as her dwarf.
From seven years of age till thirty he shot up to three feet nine
inches, and there fixed. Jeffery became a considerable part of the
entertainment of the court. Sir William Davenant wrote a poem on a
battle between Jeffery and a turkey cock, and in 1638 was published
a very small book, called a "New Year's Gift," presented at court by
the Lady Parvula to the Lord Minimus (commonly called Little Jeffery)
her Majesty's servant, &c. &c., written by Microphilas, with a little
print of Jeffery prefixed. Before this period Jeffery was employed on
a negotiation of great importance; he was sent to France to fetch a
midwife for the queen; and on his return with this gentlewoman and her
majesty's dancing-master, and many rich presents to the queen from her
mother, Mary de Medicis, he was taken by the Dunkirkers. This was in
1630. Besides the presents he was bringing for the queen, he lost to
the value of £2,500 that he had received in France on his own account
from the queen-mother and ladies of that court.

[Illustration: [++] Jeffery Hudson.]

Jeffery thus made of consequence, grew to think himself really so.
He had borne with little temper the teasing of the courtiers and
domestics, and had many squabbles with the king's gigantic porter.
At last, being provoked by Mr. Crofts, a young gentleman of family,
a challenge ensued; and Mr. Crofts coming to the rendezvous armed
only with a squirt, the little creature was so enraged that a real
duel ensued; and the appointment being on horseback, with pistols,
to put them more on a level, Jeffery, with the first fire, shot his
antagonist dead on the spot. This happened in France, whither he had
attended his royal mistress in the troubles.

He was again taken prisoner by a Turkish rover, and sold into Barbary.
He probably did not long remain in slavery; for at the beginning of
the civil war, he was made a captain in the royal army, and in 1644
attended the queen to France, where he remained till the restoration.

At last, upon suspicion of his being privy to the Popish Plot, he was
taken up in 1682 and confined in the Gate-house, Westminster, where he
ended his life in the sixty-third year of his age.


CHURCH AT NEWTON, IRELAND.

[Illustration: [++] Doorway of the Church at Newton, Ireland.]

The ancient doorway, of which, on account of its singular beauty, we
give a sketch, belongs to the church which was built by the first of
the Montgomeries at Newtown in Ireland. Though the church is a fine
and beautiful example of architecture, no attempt whatever has been
made to preserve it from sinking into ruin. The Montgomeries, ancient
lords of this district, were the descendants of that Montgomery who
accidentally killed Henry II., of France, at a tournament. Some years
after the sad event, which was confessedly a mischance, he was taken
by Catherine of Medicis, put to the torture and beheaded; with the
additional penalty of having his children degraded to villeinnage; on
his way to execution, he pronounced this noble and memorable sentence,
in reference to the punishment inflicted on his children, "If they
have not the virtue to raise themselves again, I consent to their
degradation."


INTERESTING CALCULATION.

Some years ago, an eminent zoologist gave the following table as
his estimate of the probable number of existing species of animals,
deduced from facts and principles then known. Later discoveries tend to
increase rather than to diminish the estimate.

  Quadrupeds          1,200
  Birds               6,800
  Reptiles            1,500
  Fishes              8,000
  Insects           550,000
  Worms               2,500
  Radiata             1,000
  Polypes, &c.        1,530
  Testacea            4,500
  Naked Testacea        600

making an aggregate of 577,600 species.


VITALITY OF SUPERSTITION.

In the "Annual Register" for 1760, an instance of the belief in
witchcraft is related, which shows how superstition lingers. A dispute
arose in the little village of Glen, in Leicestershire, between two
old women, each of whom vehemently accused the other of witchcraft.
The quarrel at last ran so high that a challenge ensued, and they both
agreed to be tried by the ordeal of swimming. They accordingly stripped
to their shifts--procured some men, who tied their thumbs and great
toes together, cross-wise, and then, with a cart-rope about their
middle, suffered themselves to be thrown into a pool of water. One of
them sank immediately, but the other continued struggling a short time
upon the surface of the water, which the mob deeming an infallible sign
of her guilt, pulled her out, and insisted that she should immediately
impeach all her accomplices in the craft. She accordingly told them
that, in the neighbouring village of Burton, there were several old
women "as much witches as she was." Happily for her, this negative
information was deemed sufficient, and a student in astrology, or
"white-witch," coming up at the time, the mob, by his direction,
proceeded forthwith to Burton in search of all the delinquents. After
a little consultation on their arrival, they went to the old woman's
house on whom they had fixed the strongest suspicion. The poor old
creature on their approach locked the outer door, and from the window
of an upstairs room asked what they wanted. They informed her that
she was charged with being guilty of witchcraft, and that they were
come to duck her; remonstrating with her at the same time upon the
necessity of submission to the ordeal, that, if she were innocent, all
the world might know it. Upon her persisting in a positive refusal to
come down, they broke open the door and carried her out by force, to a
deep gravel-pit full of water. They tied her thumbs and toes together
and threw her into the water, where they kept her for several minutes,
drawing her out and in two or three times by the rope round her middle.
Not being able to satisfy themselves whether she were a witch or no,
they at last let her go or more properly speaking, they left her on
the bank to walk home by herself, if she ever recovered. Next day they
tried the same experiment upon another woman, and afterwards upon a
third; but fortunately, neither of the victims lost her life from this
brutality. Many of the ringleaders in the outrage were apprehended
during the week, and tried before the justices at quarter-sessions. Two
of them were sentenced to stand in the pillory and to be imprisoned for
a month; and as many as twenty more were fined in small sums for the
assault, and bound over to keep the peace for a twelvemonth.


SMALL FEET OF THE CHINESE LADIES.

The compression of ladies' feet to less than half their natural size is
not to be regarded as a mark, or as a consequence, of the inferiority
of the sex; it is merely a mark of gentility. Various accounts are
given of the origin of this custom. One is, that an emperor was jealous
of his wife, and to prevent her from gadding abroad, put her feet in
iron stocks. Another is, that a certain empress, Tan-ke (B.C. 1100),
was born with club-feet, and that she caused the emperor to issue an
edict, adopting her foot as the model of beauty, and requiring the
compressing of female infants' feet so as to conform to the imperial
standard. While a third account is, that the Emperor Le-yuh (A.D. 961)
was amusing himself one day in his palace, when the thought occurred
to him that he might improve the appearance of the feet of a favourite
concubine. He caused her feet to be so bent as to raise the instep
into an arch, to resemble the new moon. The figure was much admired
by the courtiers, who soon began to introduce it into their families.
It is said that another emperor, two hundred years later, placed a
stamp of the lotus-flower (water-lily) on the sole of the small shoe
of his favorite concubine, so that at every step she took she left on
the ground the print of the flower; hence girls with small feet are
complimented at the present day as "the golden lilies." The operation
of bandaging and compressing the feet is very painful; children cry
very much under it. Mortification of the feet has been known to result
from the cruel practice. Custom, however, imposes it as a necessary
attraction in a woman. An old gentleman at Canton, being asked the
reason why he had bandaged his daughter's feet, replied, that if she
had large feet she could not make a good marriage.


WONDERFUL CONSTRUCTION OF THE SEA-URCHIN.

Professor Forbes informs us that in a moderate-sized Urchin there are
sixty-two rows of pores in each of the ten avenues, and as there are
three pairs of pores in each row, the total number of pores is 3,720;
but as each sucker occupies a pair of pores, the number of suckers is
1,860. He says, also, that there are above three hundred plates of one
kind, and nearly as many of another, all dovetailing together with the
greatest nicety and regularity, bearing on their surfaces above 4,000
spines, each spine perfect in itself, and of a complicated structure,
and having a free movement in its socket. "Truly," he adds, "the
skill of the Great Architect of Nature is not less displayed in the
construction of a Sea-urchin than in the building up of a world!"


IVORY SCEPTRE OF LOUIS XII.

[Illustration: [++] Ivory Sceptre.]

The above engraving represents an ivory sceptre, or Main de Justice,
which was made at the early part of the sixteenth century for Louis
XII., King of France. The three parts 1, 2, 3, screw together and form
the sceptre. Fig. 4 is the hand on the top of the sceptre, given on
a larger scale, showing the ring set with a small pearl, worn on the
third finger. Fig. 5 is the inscription on the sceptre; it is engraved
in relievo upon three of the convex decorations, and commences on the
lowest one.


TOMB OF CÆCILIA METELLA.

[Illustration: [++] Tomb of Cæcilia Metella.]

Of the tombs of Consular Rome nothing remains except perhaps the
sarcophagus of Scipio; and it is only on the eve of the Empire that we
meet with the well-known one of Cæcilia Metella, the wife of Crassus,
which is not only the best specimen of a Roman tomb now remaining to
us, but the oldest building of the imperial city of which we have
an authentic date. It consists of a bold square basement about 100
ft. square, which was originally ornamented in some manner not now
intelligible. From this rose a circular tower about 94 ft. in diameter,
of very bold masonry, surmounted by a brace of ox-skulls with wreaths
joining them, and a well-profiled cornice: 2 or 3 courses of masonry
above this seem to have belonged to the original work; and above this,
almost certainly, in the original design rose a conical roof, which has
perished. The tower having been used as a fortress in the middle ages,
battlements have been added to supply the place of the roof, and it
has been otherwise disfigured, so as to detract much from its beauty
as now seen. Still we have no tomb of the same importance so perfect,
nor one which enables us to connect the Roman tombs so nearly with the
Etruscan. The only addition in this instance is that of the square
basement or podium, though even this was not unknown at a much earlier
period, as for instance in the tomb of Aruns. The exaggerated height
of the circular base is also remarkable. Here it rises to be a tower
instead of a mere circular base of stones for the earthen cone of the
original sepulchre. The stone roof which probably surmounted the tower
was a mere reproduction of the original earthen cone.


POGONIAS.

These vocal fish differ from the umbrinas in having their jaws tagged
laterally with many, in place of carrying but one barbel at the
symphysis. Schoeff reports of them that they will assemble round the
keel of a vessel at anchor, and serenade the crew; and Mr. John White,
lieutenant in the navy of the United States, in his voyage to the
seas of China, relates to the same purpose, that being at the mouth
of the river of Cambodia, the ship's company were "astonished by some
extraordinary sounds which were heard around the bottom of the vessel.
They resembled," he says, "a mixture of the bass of the organ, the
sound of bells, the guttural cries of a large frog, and the tones which
imagination might attribute to an enormous harp; one might have said
the vessel trembled with it. The noises increased, and finally formed
a universal chorus over the entire length of the vessel and the two
sides. In proportion as we went up the river the sounds diminished, and
finally ceased altogether." As the interpreter told Captain White, the
ship had been followed by a "troop of fish of an oval and flattened
form," they were most probably pogonias. Humboldt met with a similar
adventure in the South Sea, but without suspecting its cause. "On
February 20th, 1803, at seven P.M., the whole crew was astounded by a
very extraordinary noise, resembling drums beaten in the air; we at
first attributed it to the breakers; speedily it was heard all over
the vessel, especially towards the poop, and was like the noise which
escapes from fluid in a state of ebullition; we began to fear there
might be some leak in the bottom. It was heard synchronously in all
parts of the vessel, but finally, about nine P.M., ceased altogether."
How these fish manage to _purr_ in the deep, and by means of what organ
they communicate the sound to the external air, is wholly unknown. Some
suppose it to proceed from the swim-bladder; but if that be the drum,
what is the drumstick that beats upon it? And cushioned as it is in an
obese envelope and without issue, the swim-bladder cannot be a bagpipe
or wind instrument.


CURIOUS ADVERTISEMENT.

The following appeared in the public papers of January 24th,
1737:--"Whereas Frances, wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount
Vane, has, for some months past, absented herself from her husband,
and the rest of her friends:--I do hereby promise to any person or
persons who shall discover where the said lady Vane is concealed, to
me, or to Francis Hawes, esq. her father, so that either of us may
come to the speech of her, the sum of £100, as a reward, to be paid by
me on demand at my lodgings in Piccadilly. I do also promise the name
of the person, who shall make such discovery, shall be concealed, if
desired. Any person concealing or lodging her after this advertisement,
will be prosecuted with the utmost rigour; or, if her ladyship will
return to me, she may depend upon being kindly received. She is about
twenty-two years of age, tall, well-shaped, has light-brown hair, is
fair-complexioned, and has her upper teeth placed in an irregular
manner. She had on, when she absented, a red damask French sacque, and
was attended by a French woman, who speaks very bad English.

  "VANE."


THE EYE OF THE CHAMELEON.

A most extraordinary aspect is communicated to chameleons by the
structure and movements of their eyes. In the first place, the head is
enormous, and, being three-sided, with projecting points and angles,
makes a sufficiently uncouth visage; but the eyes which illuminate
this notable head-piece must, indeed, to borrow for the nonce the
phraseology of Barnum, "be seen to be appreciated." There is on
each side an immense eye-ball, full and prominent, but covered with
the common shagreened skin of the head, except at the very entre,
where there is a minute aperture, corresponding to the pupil. These
great punctured eye-balls roll about hither and thither, but with
no symmetry. You cannot tell whether the creature is looking at you
or not; he seems to be taking what may be called a general view of
things--looking at nothing in particular, or rather, to save time,
looking at several things at once. Perhaps both eyes are gazing
upwards at your face; a leaf quivers behind his head, and in a moment
_one eye_ turns round towards the object, while the other retains its
upward gaze: presently a fly appears; one eye rapidly and interestedly
follows all its movements, while the other leisurely glances hither and
thither, or remains steady. Accustomed as we are to see in almost all
animals the two eyes move in unison, this want of sympathy produces an
effect most singular and ludicrous.


DIVING FOR A WIFE.

In many of the Greek islands, the diving for Sponge forms a
considerable part of the occupation of the inhabitants, as it has
done from the most remote antiquity. Hasselquist says:--"Himia is a
little, and almost unknown island directly opposite Rhodes. It is worth
notice, on account of the singular method the Greeks, inhabitants of
the island, have to get their living. In the bottom of the sea the
common Sponge is found in abundance, and more than in any other place
in the Mediterranean. The inhabitants make it a trade to fish up this
Sponge, by which they get a living far from contemptible, as their
goods are always wanted by the Turks, who use an incredible number of
Sponges at their bathings and washings. A girl in this island is not
permitted by her relations to marry before she has brought up a certain
quantity of Sponges, and before she can give proof of her agility by
taking them from a certain depth." In other islands the same custom
prevails, but with reversed application, as in Nicarus, where the
father of a marriageable daughter bestows her on the best diver among
her suitors,--"He that can stay longest in the water, and gather the
most Sponges, marries the maid."


KNIGHT'S COSTUME OF THE THIRTEENTH CENTURY.

The engraving represents a knight's costume of the year 1272,
taken from the library of MSS. at Paris. It is that of a Count
Hohenschwangen, of the family of Welf, and depicts the wearer in a
long sleeveless, dark blue surcoat, with his armorial device; a white
swan on a red field with a light red border. Under his coat he wears
a _cap-a-pié_ suit of mail. The helmet is original, very like the
Greek, with the furred mantle as we see it in the seal of Richard King
of England, of the date of 1498. This helmet does not appear to be a
tilting helmet, which usually rests upon the shoulders; but this kind
of helmet would be fastened, like the vizor with the mailed hood, by
an iron throat-brace, and a leather thong. Upon the covered helmet he
wears the swan as a crest. The sword-hilt is of gold, the sheath black,
the girdle white, the furred mantle is red, lined with white.

[Illustration: [++] Knight's Costume of 1272.]

Chivalry began in Europe about A.D. 912. From the twelfth to the
fifteenth century it had considerable influence in refining the manners
of most of the nations of Europe. The knight swore to accomplish the
duties of his profession as the champion of God and the ladies. He
devoted himself to speak the truth, to maintain the right, to protect
the distressed, to practise courtesy, to fulfil obligations, and
to vindicate in every perilous adventure his honour and character.
Chivalry, which owed its origin to the feudal system, expired with it.
The origin of the title of knight, as a military honour, is said to be
derived from the siege of Troy, but this solely depends on a passage or
two in Homer, and the point is disputed by several learned commentators.


CURIOUS CIRCUMSTANCE.

Button, in his Life, tells us of one of his ancestors, a trooper, who,
seeing a young girl at the river-side, lading water into her pail,
cast a large stone with design to splash her; but not being versed
in directing a stone so well as a bullet, he missed the water, and
broke her head; he ran off. Twelve years afterwards, he settled at
Derby, courted a young woman, and married her. In the course of their
conversations he proved to be the very man who had cast the stone, and
she the girl with the broken head.


FUNEREAL JAR.

The term "funereal" has been erroneously applied to all pottery
found in tombs, even where the utensils have no relation to funereal
purposes, but were probably in common use. There have been found,
however, in Corsica vessels of earthenware, which may strictly be
called "funereal."

Though the precise period of the fabrication of the funereal vessels
found in Corsica is not ascertained, they must be considered of very
ancient date. These vessels, when found entire, at first appear
completely closed up, and no trace of joining can be discovered. But
it has been ascertained that they are composed of two equal parts, the
end of one fitting exactly into the other, and so well closed that
the body, or at least the bones which they contain, appear to have
been placed within them before they were baked upon the kiln. Diodorus
Siculus, in speaking of the usages of the Balearic Isles, states that
these people were in the habit of beating, with clubs, the bodies of
the dead which, when thus rendered flexible, were deposited in vessels
of earthenware. This practice of the Corsicans coincides singularly
with that of the Coroados Indians, who inhabit a village on the Paraïba
river, near Campos, in the Brazils. They use large earthen vessels,
called _camucis_, as funereal urns. The bodies of their chiefs, reduced
to mummies, are placed in them in a bent posture, decked with their
ornaments and arms, and are then deposited at the foot of the large
trees of the forest.

[Illustration: [++] Funereal Jar.]

The cut which we here give speaks for itself. It represents the
funereal jar containing the chief as described; the animal at his feet
appears to be a panther or tiger cat.


WRITING MATERIALS.

The materials used for writing on have varied in different ages and
nations. Among the Egyptians slices of limestone, leather, linen, and
papyrus, especially the last, were universally employed. The Greeks
used bronze and stone for public monuments, wax for memorandums and
papyrus for the ordinary transactions of life. The kings of Pergamus
adopted parchment, and the other nations of the ancient world chiefly
depended on a supply of the paper of Egypt. But the Assyrians and
Babylonians employed for their public archives, their astronomical
computations, their religious dedications, their historical annals,
and even for title-deeds and bills of exchange, tablets, cylinders,
and hexagonal prisms of terra-cotta. Two of these cylinders, still
extant, contain the history of the campaign of Sennacherib against
the kingdom of Judah; and two others, exhumed from the Birs Nimroud,
give a detailed account of the dedication of the great temple by
Nebuchadnezzar to the seven planets. To this indestructible material,
and to the happy idea of employing it in this manner, the present age
is indebted for a detailed history of the Assyrian monarchy; whilst
the decades of Livy, the plays of Menander and the lays of Anacreon,
confided to a more perishable material, have either wholly or partly
disappeared amidst the wreck of empires.


CURIOUS DISPUTE AND APPROPRIATE DECISION.

Fuller, in his 'Holy State,' p. 170, gives a very _apposite_ story; a
poor man in Paris, being very hungry, went into a cook shop, and staid
there so long, (for the master was dishing-up meat,) that his appetite
being lessened by the steam, he proposed to go without his meal; the
cook insisted upon payment all the same. At length, the altercation was
agreed to be referred to the first person that passed the door; that
person happened to be a notorious idiot. Having heard the complaint, he
decreed that the poor man's money should be placed between two empty
dishes, and that the cook should be recompensed with the jingling of
his cash, as the other was with the fumes of the meat; and this little
anecdote is literally matter of fact.


THE TEA-POT.

No specimen of the ceramic art possesses greater variety of form than
the tea-pot. On none has the ingenuity of the potter been more fully
exercised, and it is worthy of remark, that the first successful
production of Böttcher in hard porcelain was a tea-pot. The so-called
Elizabethan tea-pots must be of a later date, for tea was not known in
England until the time of Charles II; but it is interesting to trace
the gradual increase in the size of the tea-pot, from the diminutive
productions of the Elers, in the time of Queen Anne and George I., when
tea was sold in apothecaries' shops, to the capacious vessel which
supplied Dr. Johnson with "the cup that cheers but not inebriates."

Mr. Croker, in his edition of Boswell's Life, mentions a tea-pot that
belonged to Dr. Johnson which held two quarts; but this sinks into
insignificance compared with the superior magnitude of that in the
possession of Mrs. Marryat, of Wimbledon, who purchased it at the sale
of Mrs. Piozzi's effects at Streatham. This tea-pot, which was the one
generally used by Dr. Johnson, holds more than three quarts. It is
of old Oriental porcelain, painted and gilded, and from its capacity
was well suited to the taste of one "whose tea-kettle had no time to
cool, who with tea solaced the midnight hour, and with tea welcomed
the morn." George IV. had a large assemblage of tea-pots, piled in
pyramids, in the Pavilion at Brighton. Mrs. Elizabeth Carter was also
a collector of tea-pots, each of which possessed some traditionary
interest, independently of its intrinsic merit; but the most diligent
collector of tea-pots was the late Mrs. Hawes. She bequeathed no less
than three hundred specimens to her daughter, Mrs. Donkin, who has
arranged them in a room appropriated for the purpose. Among them are
several formerly belonging to Queen Charlotte. Many are of the old
Japan; one with two divisions, and two spouts for holding both black
and green tea; and another of a curious device, with a small aperture
at the bottom to admit the water, there being no opening at the top,
atmospheric pressure preventing the water from running out. This
singular Chinese toy has been copied in the Rockingham ware.


PROTRACTED SLEEP.

One of the most extraordinary instances of excessive sleep is that
of the lady at Nismes, published in 1777, in the "Memoirs of the
Royal Academy of Sciences at Berlin." Her attacks of sleep took place
periodically, at sunrise and about noon. The first continued till
within a short time of the accession of the second, and the second
continued till between seven and eight in the evening--when she awoke,
and continued so till the next sunrise. The most extraordinary fact
connected with this case is, that the first attack commenced always
at daybreak, whatever might be the season of the year, and the other
always immediately after twelve o'clock. During the brief interval of
wakefulness which ensued shortly before noon, she took a little broth,
which she had only time to do when the second attack returned upon
her, and kept her asleep till the evening. Her sleep was remarkably
profound, and had all the character of complete insensibility, with
the exception of a feeble respiration, and a weak but regular movement
of the pulse. The most singular fact connected with her remains to be
mentioned. When the disorder had lasted six months, and then ceased,
the patient had an interval of perfect health for the same length of
time. When it lasted one year, the subsequent interval was of equal
duration. The affection at last wore gradually away; and she lived,
entirely free of it, for many years after. She died in the eighty-first
year of her age, of dropsy, a complaint which had no connexion with her
preceding disorder.


ANCIENT SUIT OF MAIL.

The two figures depicted on next page represent Henry of Metz receiving
the oriflamme from the hands of St. Denis, derived from a painted
window in the church of Nôtre Dame de Chartres. The oriflamme was a
red banner attached to a staff, and cut in the manner shown in our
engraving. Henry of Metz was Marshal of France, and is here represented
in a complete suit of mail, his hood being thrown back upon his
shoulders. This suit is perfect, even to the extremities; and it is to
be remarked that the defence for the hands is divided in the manner of
a common glove. Over the mail is worn a loose surcoat, on which is
emblazoned the cross, traversed by a red baton--the type of his high
office.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Suit of Mail.]


THE POISON CUP.

[Illustration: [++] The Poison Cup.]

In the time of James I. poison was too frequently resorted to,
especially on the Continent, as a means of getting rid of individuals
who had rendered themselves obnoxious to certain parties who were
prosecuting their own private ends; and so extensively did this
infamous practice prevail that there was a class of persons who
were known to have studied the art of secret poisoning, and whose
services could be engaged for a high reward. In order to counteract the
operations of the poisoners, various devices were employed, and among
them was the art which the pretended magicians of those days professed
to have discovered, of making a kind of glass which would fly in pieces
if poison was poured into any vessel that was formed of it. The cut at
the head of our article represents a tankard of this sort, in which
the glass is mounted in silver gilt arabesque and silver filagree. It
was believed that the large crystal which is seen standing out at the
centre of the lid would become discoloured at the approach of poison.
The tankard is a work of the sixteenth century, and was presented to
Clare Hall, Cambridge--where it is still preserved--by Dr. William
Butler, an eminent physician in the time of James I.


PORCELAIN FINGER-RINGS.

The porcelain finger-rings of ancient Egypt are extremely beautiful;
the band of the ring being seldom above one-eighth of an inch in
thickness. Some have a plate on which, in bas-relief, is the god _Set_,
or _Baal_, full face, or playing on the tambourine, as the inventor of
Music; others have their plates in the shape of the right symbolical
eye, the emblem of the Sun; of a fish, of the perch species; or of
a scarabæus, which is said to have been worn by the military order.
Some few represent flowers. Those which have elliptical plates with
hieroglyphical inscriptions, bear the names of Amen-Ra, and of other
gods and monarchs, as Amenophis III., Amenophis IV., and Amenanchut,
of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth dynasties. One of these rings has
a little bugle on each side, as if it had been strung on the beaded
work of a mummy, instead of being placed on the finger. Blue is the
prevalent colour, but a few white and yellow rings, and some even
ornamented with red and purple colours are found. It is not credible
that these rings, of a substance finer and more fragile than glass,
were worn during life. Neither is it likely that they were worn by the
poorer classes, for the use of the king's name on sepulchral objects
seems to have been restricted to functionaries of state. Some larger
rings of porcelain of about an inch diameter, seven-eighths of an inch
broad, and one-sixteenth of an inch thick, made in open work, represent
the constantly repeated lotus flowers, and the god Ra, or the Sun,
seated, and floating through the heaven in his boat. Common as these
objects were in Egypt, where they were employed as substitutes for
the hard and precious stones, to the Greeks, Etruscans, and Italian
Greeks they were articles of luxury, just as the porcelain of China
was to Europeans some centuries ago. The Etruscans set these bugles,
beads, and amulets in settings of their exquisite gold filigree work,
intermixed with gold beads and precious stones. Strung as pendants they
hung round the necks of the fair ones of Etruria. In one of the tombs
already alluded to at the Polledrara, near Vulci, in Italy, was found
a heap of annular and curious Egyptian bugles, which had apparently
formed a covering to some bronze objects, but the strings having given
way, the beads had dropped to pieces. These, as well as the former,
had been obtained from some of the Egyptian markets, like that at
Naucratis: or from the Phoenician merchants, in the same manner as the
flasks. One of the most remarkable of these personal ornaments is a
bracelet, composed of small fish strung together and secured by a clasp.


PIGEON CATCHING NEAR NAPLES.

Between La Cava and Naples, about half a mile from the town, are
certain Bluebeard-looking towers, several centuries old, erected for
the purpose of snaring wood-pigeons; with which view the gentlemen of
the neighbourhood, who are generally expert and practised slingers,
assemble and man the towers in May. A long line of nets, some quarter
of a mile in circuit, held up in a slanting position by men concealed
in stone sentry-boxes placed here and there along the _enceinte_, is
spread in front. As the pigeons are seen advancing (the time of their
approach is generally looked for at early dawn, when they are making
for the woods), the nearest slingers commence projecting a succession
of white stones in the direction of the nets. These the birds no sooner
behold, then attracted, or alarmed (for the motive does not certainly
appear), they swoop down upon them, and when sufficiently near to fall
within reach of the nets, the persons holding let go, rush from their
ambush, and secure the covey. Thousands of wood-pigeons are thus, we
have been told by a proprietor, annually taken, and transmitted for
presents to distant friends; as we used to send out game, before the
sale of it was legalised. Thus birds, as well as fish, and fish as well
as man, often get entangled and caught in their headlong pursuit of a
pleasure that still eludes them.


FRAME REQUISITE TO SUPPORT THE DRESS.

James I., and his subjects who wished to clothe themselves loyally,
wore stupendous breeches. Of course the "honourable gentleman" of
the House of Commons were necessarily followers of the fashion. But
it led to inconveniences in the course of their senatorial duties.
It was an old mode revived; and at an earlier day, when these nether
garments were ample enough to have covered the lower man of Boanerges,
the comfort of the popular representative was thus cared for:--"Over
the seats in the parliament-house, there were certain holes, some two
inches square, in the walls, in which were placed posts to uphold a
scaffold round about the house within, for them to sit upon who used
the wearing of great breeches stuffed with hair like wool-sacks, which
fashion being left the eighth year of Elizabeth, the scaffolds were
taken down, and never since put up." So says Strutt; but doubtless the
comforts of the members were not less cared for when the old fashion
again prevailed.


PRICES OF SÈVRES PORCELAIN.

As one of the curiosities of luxury and taste it is worth while to note
the high prices for which some portions of the very choice collection
of Sèvres porcelain at Stowe were sold:--A small coffee cup, which
weighed scarcely three ounces, realised 46 guineas; and another,
similar, but somewhat inferior, sold for 35 guineas. A chocolate cup
and saucer, Bleu de Roi, with beautiful miniatures of two ladies of
the Court of Louis XV., and four paintings of Cupids, though slightly
injured during the view, realised 45 guineas. The prices obtained for
most of the cups and saucers were from 10 to 12 guineas. A beautiful
specimen of a Bleu de Roi cup, saucer and cover, jewelled in festoons,
cameos, and imitation of pearls, sold for £35 10s.; and another,
somewhat inferior, for 21 guineas. A salver, mounted in a table with
ormolu ornaments, sold for 81 guineas; the companion piece for £100.


HENRY THE EIGHTH'S CHAIR.

In the earlier half of the sixteenth century a large proportion of
the furniture used in this country, as well as of the earthenware and
other household implements during the greater part of that century, was
imported from Flanders and the Netherlands. Hence, in the absence of
engravings at home, we are led to look at the works of the Flemish and
German artists for illustrations of domestic manners at this period.
The seats of that day were termed joint (or joined) stools and chairs.
A rather fine example of a chair of this work, which was, as was often
the case, three-cornered, is preserved in the Ashmolean museum, at
Oxford, where it is reported to have been the chair of Henry VIII. We
here annex a sketch of it.

[Illustration: [++] Henry the Eighth's Chair.]


MULLET AND TURBOT WITH THE ROMANS.

The Romans were enthusiastic for the mullet. It was for them _the_
fish, _par excellence_. It was sometimes served up six pounds in
weight, and such a fish was worth £60 sterling. It was cooked on the
table, for the benefit and pleasure of the guests. In a glass vessel
filled with brine made from water, the blood of the mackerel, and salt,
the live mullet, stripped of all its scales, was enclosed; and as its
fine pink colour passed through its dying gradations, until paleness
and death ensued, the _convives_ looked on admiringly, and lauded the
spectacle.

The turbot was next in estimation, but as, occasionally, offending
slaves were flung into the turbot preserves for the fish to feed upon,
some gastronomists have affected to be horror-stricken at the idea
of eating a _turbot a la Romaine_; quite forgetting that so many of
our sea-fish, in their domain, feed largely on the human bodies which
accident, or what men call by that name, casts into the deep.


"TOO LATE," QUOTH BOICE.

The history of the ancient castle of Maynooth is one of much interest;
abounding in incidents akin to romance. In the reign of Henry the
Eighth, during the rebellion of "Silken Thomas," one of the bravest
and most heroic of the Geraldines, it was taken by treachery. In the
absence of its lord, the governorship was entrusted to "Christopher
Parese," his foster-brother. This "white-livered traitor resolved to
purchase his own security with his lord's ruin;" and therefore sent
a letter to the lord-deputy, signifying that he would betray the
castle, on conditions; "and here the devil betrayed the betrayer,
for in making terms for his purse's profit, he forgot to include his
person's safety." The lord-deputy readily accepted his offer, and,
accordingly, the garrison having gained some success in a sally, and
being encouraged by the governor in a deep joyous carouse, the ward
of the tower was neglected--the traitorous signal given, and the
English scaled the walls. They obtained possession of the strong-hold,
and put the garrison to the sword--"all except two singing men, who,
prostrating themselves before the deputy, warbled a sweet sonnet called
_dulcis amica_, and their melody saved their lives." Parese, expecting
some great reward, with impudent familiarity presented himself before
the deputy, who addressed him as follows:--"Master Parese, thou
hast certainly saved our lord the king much charge, and many of his
subjects' lives, but that I may better know to advise his highness
how to reward thee, I would ascertain what the Lord Thomas Fitzgerald
hath done for thee?" Parese, highly elevated at this discourse,
recounted, even to the most minute circumstance, all the favours that
the Geraldine, even from his youth up, had conferred on him, to which
the deputy replied, "And how, Parese, couldst thou find it in thy heart
to betray the castle of so kind a lord? Here, Mr. Treasurer, pay down
the money that he has covenanted for; and here, also, executioner,
without delay, as soon as the money is counted out, cut off his head!"
"Oh," quoth Parese, "had I known this, your lordship should not have
had the castle so easily." Whereupon Mr. Boice, a secret friend of
the Fitzgerald, a bystander, cried out "Auntraugh," _i. e._ "too
late," which occasioned a proverbial saying, long afterwards used in
Ireland--"Too late, quoth Boice." The castle is said by Archdall to
have been erected by John, the sixth Earl of Kildare, early in the
fifteenth century; but in that case it must have been preceded by some
other defensive structure; for it is certain that the Kildare branch of
the Geraldines resided at Maynooth at a much earlier period. The first
Earl of Kildare, John Fitz Thomas, was created by patent, dated 14th
May, 1316.


SUPPRESSED BIBLES.

1538.--An English Bible, in folio, printed at Paris, unfinished.

1542.--Dutch Bible by Jacob Van Leisvelt. The sixth and best edition
given by Leisvelt, and famous as being the cause of this printer being
beheaded.

1566.--French Bible by Rene Benoist, Paris, 1566, folio, 3 vols.
completed.

1622.--Swedish Bible, printed at Lubeck, in 4to., very defective.

1666.--A German Bible, printed at Helmstedt, in part only, 4to.

1671.--A French Bible, by Marolles, in folio, containing only the books
of Genesis, Exodus, and the first twenty-three chapters of Leviticus.


EXTRAORDINARY REPRODUCTIVE POWER OF THE HYDRA.

One of the fresh-water Polypes, from its power of perpetual
reproduction, has received the name of _Hydra_, by which it is known
among naturalists: as if it realised the ancient monster of fabulous
story, whose heads sprouted anew as fast as they were cut off by
Hercules.

Most curious monstrosities were produced by the experiments of
philosophers on these animals, especially by partial separations. If a
polype be slit from the summit to the middle, one will be formed having
two heads, each of which will capture and swallow food. If these again
be slit half-a-dozen times, as many heads will be formed surmounting
the same body. If now all these be cut off, as many new ones will
spring up in their place, while each of the severed heads becomes a
new polype, capable of being, in its turn, varied and multiplied _ad
infinitum_;--so that in every respect our little reality exceeds its
fabulous namesake.

The polypes may be grafted together. If cut-off pieces be placed in
contact, and pushed together with a gentle force, they will unite and
form a single one. The head of one may be thus planted on the trunk of
another.

Another method of uniting them, perhaps still more wonderful, is by
introducing one within the other; the operator forced the body of the
one into the mouth of the other, pushing it down so that the heads
were brought together. After forcibly keeping it for some time in this
state, the two individuals at length united, and a polype was formed,
distinguishable only by having twice the usual number of tentacles.

There is one species which can actually be turned inside out like a
glove, and yet perform all the functions of life as before, though
that which was the coat of the stomach is now the skin of the body and
_vice versâ_. If it should chance that a polype so turned had young
in the act of budding, these are, of course, now within the stomach.
If they have arrived at a certain degree of maturity, they extend
themselves towards the mouth of the parent, that they may thus escape
when separated. But those which are less advanced turn themselves
spontaneously inside out, and thus place themselves again on the
exterior of the parent.

A multitude of other variations, combinations, and monstrosities, have
been, as it were, created by the ingenuity of philosophers; but these
are sufficient to give a notion of the extraordinary nature of these
animals; and to account for the wonder with which they were regarded.


EGYPT.

Egypt was the land visited by Abraham in search of food, when there
was a famine in his own country;--the land to which Joseph was carried
as a slave, and which he governed as prime minister. From Egypt, Moses
led the Israelites through the waters of the Red Sea. Here Jeremiah
wrote his Lamentations. Here Solon, Pythagoras, Plato, and many other
Greek philosophers, came to study. Here Alexander the Great came as
conqueror; and here the Infant Saviour was brought by his parents to
avoid the persecution of Herod. Egyptian hieroglyphics, in which the
characters are taken from visible objects, are the earliest form of
writing; and the Hebrew and Greek alphabets were both borrowed from
them. Egypt taught the world the use of paper--made from its rush,
the papyrus. In Egypt was made the first public library, and first
college of learned men, namely, the Alexandrian Museum. There Euclid
wrote his Elements of Geometry, and Theocritus his Poems, and Lucian
his Dialogues. The beauty of Cleopatra, the last Egyptian Queen, held
Julius Cæsar, and then Marc Antony, captive. In Egypt were built the
first monasteries; the Christian fathers, Origen and Athanasius, lived
there. The Arien and Athanasian controversy began there.

The buildings which now remain are the oldest buildings in the world,
and the largest in the world. On the banks of its great river may be
seen the oldest arch, and the oldest column. Up this noble river sailed
Herodotus, the most entertaining of travellers, and Strabo, the most
judicious. Indeed, as the country is little more than the narrow strip
that is watered by the Nile's overflow, from the river may be seen
almost all its great cities and temples.


ABYSSINIAN LADIES.

The women of Abyssinia are dressed quite as decently as any women in
the world, without having a particle of the trouble of the ladies of
more civilised nations. There is a distinguishing costume for young
girls, and for those who, from being married or otherwise, are no
longer considered as such. The dress of the former is indeed rather
slight, though far more picturesque than that of the latter. In one
part of the country (about Shiré) the girls merely wear a piece of
cotton stuff wrapped round the waist and hanging down almost to the
knee, and another (or the end of the former, if it be long enough)
thrown over the left shoulder, so as to leave the right arm and breast
exposed. In other parts of Tigrè, a black goat-skin, ornamented with
cowries, is often substituted for this latter. An ordinary woman
wears a large loose shirt down to the feet, with sleeves made tight
towards the wrist. This, with a "quarry" similar to those of the
men, but worn rather differently, and a parasol when out of doors,
is a complete suit. A fine lady, however, as in our engraving, has a
splendid "mergeff quarry," and her shirt is made probably of calico
from Manchester, instead of the country fabric, and richly embroidered
in silk of divers colours and various patterns round the neck, down the
front, and on the cuffs. She will also, of course, own a mule; and then
may choose to wear (alas, that it should be so, even in Abyssinia!) the
inexpressibles. These are made of calico, and rather loose, but getting
gradually tighter at the ankle, where they are embroidered like the
shirt.

[Illustration: [++] Abyssinian Ladies.]

The fair sex all over the world are fond of ornaments. In Abyssinia
they wear a profusion of silver, in the shape of chains, bracelets,
&c., or, to be more explicit, a well-dressed lady will hang three or
four sets of amulets about her neck, as well as her blue cord, and a
large flat silver case (purporting to contain a talisman, but more
often some scented cotton) ornamented with a lot of silver bells
hanging to the bottom edge of it, and the whole suspended by four
chains of the same metal. Three pairs of massive silver and gilt
bracelets are on her wrists, and a similar number of "bangles" on her
ankles; while over her insteps and to her heels are a quantity of
little silver ornaments, strung like beads on a silk cord. Her fingers
(even the upper joints) are covered with plain rings, often alternately
of silver and silver-gilt, and a silver hair-pin, something similar
to those now worn by English ladies, completes her decoration. Women
of the poorer class, and ladies on ordinary occasions, wear ivory
or wooden pins neatly carved in various patterns, and stained red
with henna-leaves. The Abyssinian ladies, like those of most Eastern
nations, stain their hands and feet with henna, and darken their
eyelids with antimony.

[Illustration: 1, 2. Hair-pins made of hard wood, and stained with
henna. 3. Ditto, of silver and fil-et-grain work. (About one-half usual
size.)]


TREATMENT OF LEPERS IN ENGLAND.

According to the tenor of various old civil codes and local enactments,
when a person became affected with leprosy, he was looked upon as
legally and politically dead, and lost the privileges belonging to
his right of citizenship. By the laws of England, lepers were classed
with idiots, madmen, outlaws, &c., as incapable of being heirs. But it
was not by the eye of the law alone that the affected was looked upon
as defunct, for the church also took the same view, and performed the
solemn ceremonials of the burial of the dead over him, on the day on
which he was separated from his fellow creatures, and confined to a
lazar house. The various forms and ceremonies which were gone through
on this occasion are described by French authors; but it is highly
probable that the same observances were common in our own country.

A priest, robed with surplice and stole, went with the cross to the
house of the doomed leper. The minister of the church began the
necessary ceremonies, by exhorting him to suffer, with a patient and
penitent spirit, the incurable plague with which God had stricken him.
He then sprinkled the unfortunate leper with holy water, and afterwards
conducted him to the church, the usual burial services being sung
during their march thither. In the church, the ordinary habiliments of
the leper were removed; he was clothed in a funeral pall, and, while
placed before the altar, between _trestles_, the libera was sung,
and the mass for the dead celebrated over him. After this service he
was again sprinkled with holy water, and led from the church to the
house or hospital destined for his future abode. A pair of clappers, a
barrel, a stick, cowl, and dress, &c., were given him. Before leaving
the leper, the priest solemnly interdicted him from appearing in
public without his leper's garb,--from entering inns, churches, mills,
and bakehouses,--from touching children, or giving them ought he had
touched,--from washing his hands, or any thing pertaining to him, in
the common fountains and streams,--from touching, in the markets, the
goods he wished to buy, with any thing except his stick,--from eating
and drinking with any others than lepers,--and he specially forbade
him from walking in narrow paths, or from answering those who spoke to
him in roads and streets, unless in a whisper, that they might not be
annoyed with his pestilent breath, and with the infectious odour that
exhaled from his body,--and last of all, before taking his departure,
and leaving the leper for ever to the seclusion of the lazar house,
the official of the church terminated the ceremony of his separation
from his living fellow-creatures, by throwing upon the body of the poor
outcast a shovelful of earth, in imitation of the closure of the grave.

According to the then customary usage, Leper Hospitals were always
provided with a cemetery for the reception of the bodies of those who
had died of the malady.


LUMINOUS APPEARANCE OF THE RED SEA.

All who have frequented the Red Sea, have observed the luminous
appearance or phosphorescence of its waters. "It was beautiful," says
a picturesque writer, who sailed from Mocha to Cosseir, "to look down
into this brightly transparent sea, and mark the coral, here in large
masses of honeycomb-rock, there in light branches of a pale red hue,
and the beds of green seaweed, and the golden sand, and the shells, and
the fish sporting round the vessel, and making colours of a beauty to
the eye which is not their own. Twice or thrice we ran on after dark
for an hour or two; and though we were all familiar with the sparkling
of the sea round the boat at night, never have I seen it in other
waters so superlatively splendid. A rope dipped in it and drawn forth
came up as a string of gems; but with a life, and light, and motion,
the diamond does not know." Those sea-lights have been explained by
a diversity of causes; but the singular brilliancy of the Red Sea
seems owing to fish spawn and animalculæ, a conjecture which receives
some corroboration from the circumstance that travellers who mention
it visited the gulf during the spawning period--that is, between the
latter end of December and the end of February. The coral-banks are
less numerous in the southern parts. It deserves notice, that Dr. Shaw
and Mr. Bruce have stated--what could only be true, so far as their own
experience went--that they observed no species of weed or flag; and the
latter proposes to translate Yam Zuph "the Sea of Coral"--a name as
appropriate as that of Edom.


RECENT PRICES OF SLAVES.

Prices of course vary at Constantinople according to the vigilance
of Russian cruisers, and the incorruptibility of Russian agents at
Trebizond, Samsoon, and Sinope. The following is the average price in
Circassia:--

  A man of 30 years of age,          £10
     "       20       "        10 to £30
     "       15       "        30  "  70
     "       10       "        20  "  50
     "        5       "        10  "  30
  A woman of 50 years of age, £10 to £30
     "       40       "        30  "  40
     "       30       "        40  "  70
     "    20 to 25    "        50  " 100
     "    14 "  18    "        50  " 150
     "     8 "  12    "        30  "  80
     "           5    "        20  "  40


TATTOOED ABYSSINIAN LADY.

[Illustration: [++] Tattooed Abyssinian Lady.]

The annexed cut is a sketch of an Abyssinian lady, tattooed in the
height of the fashion. The following extract from that interesting
work "Parkyns's Abyssinia" gives a good account of the custom as it
prevails in the larger cities there, and of the manner in which the
operation is performed. "The men seldom tattoo more than one ornament
on the upper part of the arm, near the shoulder, while the women cover
nearly the whole of their bodies with stars, lines, and crosses, often
rather tastefully arranged. I may well say nearly the whole of their
persons, for they mark the neck, shoulders, breasts, and arms, down to
the fingers, which are enriched with lines to imitate rings, nearly
to the nails. The feet, ankles, and calves of the legs, are similarly
adorned, and even the gums are by some pricked entirely blue, while
others have them striped alternately blue and the natural pink. To see
some of their designs, one would give them credit for some skill in
the handling of their pencil; but, in fact, their system of drawing
the pattern is purely mechanical. I had one arm adorned; a rather
blind old woman was the artist; her implements consisted of a little
pot of some sort of blacking, made, she told me, of charred herbs; a
large home-made iron pin, about one-fourth of an inch at the end of
which was ground fine; a bit or two of hollow cane, and a piece of
straw; the two last-named items were her substitutes for pencils.
Her circles were made by dipping the end of a piece of a cane of the
required size into the blacking, and making its impression on the skin;
while an end of the straw, bent to the proper length, and likewise
blackened, marked all the lines, squares, diamonds, &c., which were to
be of equal length. Her design being thus completed, she worked away
on it with her pin, which she dug in as far as the thin part would
enter, keeping the supply of blacking sufficient, and going over the
same ground repeatedly to ensure regularity and unity in the lines.
With some persons, the first effect of this tattooing is to produce
a considerable amount of fever, from the irritation caused by the
punctures; especially so with the ladies, from the extent of surface
thus rendered sore. To allay this irritation, they are generally
obliged to remain for a few days in a case of vegetable matter, which
is plastered all over them in the form of a sort of green poultice.
A scab forms over the tattooing, which should not be picked off, but
allowed to fall off of itself. When this disappears, the operation
is complete, and the marks are indelible; nay more, the Abyssinians
declare that they may be traced on the person's bones even after death
has bared them of their fleshy covering."


BULGARIAN FISHERMEN.

The following interesting account of the Bulgarian fishermen on the
shores of the Black Sea is taken from the translation of a narrative of
a boat excursion made in 1846 by M. Xavier Hommaire, along part of the
northern coast of the Black Sea:--

[Illustration: [++] Bulgarian Fishermen.]

"The fishermen are, almost without exception, Bulgarians--a population
at once maritime and agricultural, very closely resembling, in race
and costume, the Bretons of France--and they enjoy a monopoly of all
the fisheries in the Bosphorus and the adjacent parts of the Black
Sea. Their elegant barks appeared on stated days and hours, shooting
along with extraordinary rapidity through the waters of the Gulf of
Buyuk Déreh, which appears to be their head-quarters, and sustaining
the test of comparison even with the famous caiques of Constantinople.
The most important object of their fishery is a delicious kind of
small thunny, called palamede. They are Bulgarians, also, who own
the singular fisheries which form such admirable subjects for the
artist's sketch-book. They are found throughout the Bosphorus, from
Bechiktusch and Scutari to the lighthouses of Europe and Asia. They
might be called dog-kennels, but rickety and worm-eaten with antiquity,
and are suspended by means of cords, pegs, and tatters to the top
of an indescribable framework of props. There on high, petrified in
motionless and uninterrupted silence, in company with some old pots of
mignionette (where will not the love of flowers find a home!), a man,
with the appearance of a wild beast or savage, leans over the sea, at
the bottom of which he watches the passage of its smallest inhabitants,
and the capricious variations of the current. At a certain distance
is arranged, in the form of a square, a system of nets, which, at
the least signal from the watcher, fall on the entire shoal of fish.
A contrivance yet more primitive than these airy cells, if not so
picturesque, was that of simple posts, which we encountered some time
before in the channel of the Bosphorus, rising about fifteen feet above
the surface of the water. Half-way up is perched, crouching (one cannot
see how), something having the human form, and which is found to be a
Bulgarian. For a long time I watched them without being able to make
them out, either pole or its tenant; and often have I seen them in the
morning, and observed them again in the evening, not having undergone
the least change of posture.

"On returning to our encampment, the commandant of the fort, to whom
we paid a visit, gave us a very different report of the fishermen of
the morning, whom he described as an assemblage of all the vagabonds of
the neighbourhood. Convinced even that the fact of their having fallen
in with us must have inspired them with the project of coming to prowl
by night round our camp, he wished us to accept some of the men in his
garrison as a guard."


HORSES OF THE ARABS.

Arabs make intimate friends of their horses, and so docile are these
creatures that they are ridden without a bit, and never struck or
spurred. They share their owner's diet, and are as well cared for as a
child. They divide their horses, however, into two kinds: The one they
call kadischi, that is, horses of an unknown birth; the other, they
call kochlani, that is, horses whose genealogy is known for thousands
of years. They are direct descendants, so they say, of the stud of
Solomon. The pedigree of an Arabian horse is hung round his neck soon
after his birth, which is always properly witnessed and attested.

The following is the pedigree of a horse purchased by a French officer
in Arabia:--"In the name of God, the merciful and compassionate, and of
Saed Mahomed, agent of the high God, and of the companions of Mahommed,
and of Jerusalem. Praised be the Lord, the Omnipotent Creator. This
is a high-bred horse, and its colt's tooth is here in a bag about
his neck, with his pedigree, and of undoubted authority, such as no
infidel can refuse to believe. He is the son of Rabbamy, out of the dam
Labadah, and equal in power to his sire of the tribe of Zazhalah; he is
finely moulded, and made for running like an ostrich. In the honours
of relationship, he reckons Zuluah, sire of Mahat, sire of Kallac, and
the unique Alket sire of Manasseh, sire of Alsheh, father of the race
down to the famous horse, the sire of Lahalala; and to him be ever
abundance of green meat, and corn, and water of life, as a reward from
the tribe of Zazhalah; and may a thousand branches shade his carcass
from the hyæna of the tomb, from the howling wolf of the desert;
and let the tribe of Zazhalah present him with a festival within an
enclosure of walls; and let thousands assemble at the rising of the
sun in troops hastily, where the tribe holds up under a canopy of
celestial signs within the walls, the saddle with the name and family
of the possessor. Then let them strike the bands with a loud noise
incessantly, and pray to God for immunity for the tribe of Zoab, the
inspired tribe."


DILEMMA.

Protagoras, an Athenian rhetorician, had agreed to instruct Evalthus
in rhetoric, on condition that the latter should pay him a certain sum
of money if he gained his first cause. Evalthus when instructed in all
the precepts of the art, refused to pay Protagoras, who consequently
brought him before the Areopagus, and said to the Judges--"Any verdict
that you may give is in my favour: if it is on my side, it carries
the condemnation of Evalthus; if against me, he must pay me, because
he gains his first cause." "I confess," replied Evalthus, "that the
verdict will be pronounced either for or against me; in either case I
shall be equally acquitted: if the Judges pronounce in my favour, you
are condemned; if they pronounce for you, according to our agreement,
I owe you nothing, for I lose my first cause." The Judges being unable
to reconcile the pleaders, ordered them to reappear before the Court a
hundred years afterwards.


ORIENTAL EXTRAVAGANCE.

Mr. Forbes has given a curious picture of the kind of magnificence
affected by Asuf ul Dowlah, who succeeded his father on the throne
of Oude. This nabob was fond of lavishing his treasures on gardens,
palaces, horses, elephants, European guns, lustres, and mirrors. He
expended annually about £200,000 in English manufactures. He had more
than one hundred gardens, twenty palaces, one thousand two hundred
elephants, three thousand fine saddle horses, one thousand five hundred
double-barrel guns, seventeen hundred superb lustres, thirty thousand
shades of various forms and colours; seven hundred large mirrors,
girandoles and clocks. Some of the latter were very curious, richly set
with jewels, having figures in continual movement, and playing tunes
every hour; two of these clocks only, cost him thirty thousand pounds.
Without taste or judgment, he was extremely solicitous to possess all
that was elegant and rare; he had instruments and machines of every
art and science, but he knew none; and his museum was so ridiculously
arranged that a wooden cuckoo-clock was placed close to a superb
timepiece which cost the price of a diadem; and a valuable landscape of
Claude Lorraine suspended near a board painted with ducks and drakes.
He sometimes gave a dinner to ten or twelve persons, sitting at their
ease in a carriage drawn by elephants. His jewels amounted to about
eight millions sterling. Amidst this precious treasure, he might be
seen for several hours every day handling them as a child does his toys.


ANCIENT SCOTTISH CHIEFTAIN.

[Illustration: [++] Scottish Costume.]

Annexed is a Scottish costume of the eighth or ninth century, after
a drawing on parchment, extracted from an old book, which, according
to the characters on the back, appears to have been written in
Gaelic or Erse. According to the assertion of the possessor, this
Caledonian document was brought to Germany in the year 1596, during the
devastating Reformation in Scotland, when all cloisters and religious
endowments were destroyed, and a perfect victory obtained over the
episcopacy, so that many persons took refuge with their treasures,
on the Continent, where the Scottish monks possessed many religious
houses; some being at Nuremberg. Our figure represents a Highland
chief, whose dress is picturesque and extremely beautiful. The Scottish
tunic or blouse, checkered or striped in light and dark green, with
violet intermixed, and bordered with violet stripes, is covered with a
steel breastplate, accompanied by a back-piece, judging from the iron
brassarts--positively a bequest of the Romans, by whom the Scots were
once subjugated; this, indeed, is also attested by the offensive weapon
the javelin; the sword, however, must be excepted, for it is national
and like that of the present time. The strong shield may also have
descended from the Romans, as well as the helmet, which is decorated
with an eagle's wing; these, together with the hunting-horn, give to
the figure a very imposing appearance. The national plaid is wanting,
this was borne by attendants or squires. We are involuntarily reminded
of the heroes of Fingal and Ossian, and we might almost think that
this figure belonged to the time of the Scottish king, Kenneth the
Second, grandson of King Achaias, and the sister of the Pictish king,
Hang.


GREEK VASES.

Vases of various shapes have been found in the sepulchres of Greece,
such as the _oenochoe_, or jug; the _askos_, or wine-skin; the _phiale
omphalotos_, or saucer having a boss in the centre; _rhyta_, or jugs,
imitated from the _keras_, or horn, as well as some moulded in the
shape of the human bust. Vases of this class, however, occur more
frequently in Italy than in Greece. Some are of remarkable shape. One
in the Durand collection has its interior receded, and in the centre
a medallion of the Gorgon's head; at the edge is the head of a dog or
fox, and to it is attached a long handle terminating in the head of an
animal. Similar handles are often found. Another vase from Sicily, also
in the same collection, with a conical cover, is ornamented externally
with moulded subjects of wreaths, heads of Medusa, &c., painted and
gilded.

[Illustration: [++] Greek Vase.]

Many of the vases intended for ornamental purposes are covered with a
white coating, and painted with colours of the same kind as those used
on the figures before described, but with few and simple ornaments,
plain bands, mæanders, chequered bands and wreaths. A vase found at
Melos affords a curious example. We here annex a sketch of it. It
consists of a number of small vases united together and arranged in a
double circle round a central stand. This kind of vase is supposed to
be the _kernos_, used in the mystic ceremonies to hold small quantities
of viands. By some persons, however, it is thought to have been
intended for eggs or flowers. It is covered with a white coating of
clay, and the zigzag stripes are of a maroon colour. Such vases might
have been used for flower-pots, and have formed small temporary gardens
like those of Adonis, or have been employed as lamps.


QUEEN ELIZABETH'S DRESSES.

The list of the Queen's wardrobe, in 1600, shows us that she had then
only 99 robes, 126 kirtles, 269 gowns (round, loose, and French), 136
foreparts, 125 petticoats, and 27 fans, not to mention 96 cloaks, 83
save guards, 85 doublets, and 18 lap mantles.

Her gowns were of the richest materials--purple, gold tissue, crimson
satin, cloth of gold, cloth of silver, white velvet, munsy cloth,
tawney satin, horse-flesh coloured satin, Isabella coloured satin dove
coloured velvet, lady blush satin, drake coloured satin, and [...]
coloured satin.

The cloaks are of perfumed leather, black taffety; the petticoats of
blue satin; the jupes of orange coloured satin; the doublets of straw
coloured satin; the mantles of white blush, striped with red swan's
down.

The most characteristic dresses are the following:--

A frock of cloth of silver, checquered with red silk, like bird's eyes,
with demi sleeves, a cut of crimson velvet twisted on with silver,
lined with crimson velvet.

A mantle of white lawn, cut and turned in, embroidered all over with
works of silver, like pomegranates, roses, honeysuckles, and acorns.

One French kirtle of white satin, cut all over, embroidered with loops,
flowers, and clouds of Venice gold, silver, and silk.

One round kirtle of white satin, embroidered all over with the work
like flames, peascods, and pillars, with a border likewise embroidered
with roses.

The stomacher (fore part) of white satin, embroidered very fair with
borders of the sun, moon, and other signs and planets of Venice gold,
silver, and silk of sundry colours, with a border of beasts beneath,
likewise embroidered.

Other gowns we find adorned with bees, spiders, flies, worms, trunks of
trees, pansies, oak leaves, and mulberries; so that "Bess" must have
looked like an illustrated edition of _Æsop's Fables_.

In one case she shines in rainbows, clouds, flames of fire, and suns;
in another, with fountains and trees, snakes, and grasshoppers; the
buttons themselves, in one instance, assume the shape of butterflies,
in another of birds of Paradise.

The fans were of white and coloured feathers, with gold handles set
with precious stones, or of crystal and heliotrope; one of them
contained a looking-glass, another Leicester's badge of the bear and
ragged staff. Her swords had gilt handles and blood-stone studs; her
poniards were gold and ivory, ornamented with tassels of blue silk; her
slippers of cloth of silver, and of orange-coloured velvet, embroidered
with seed pearls; her parasol was of crimson velvet damask, striped
with Venetian gold and silver lace, the handle mother-of-pearl.

Her jewels were both numerous and curious: the head ornaments
resembling a white lion with a fly on his side, a golden fern-branch
with a lizard, ladybird, and a snail upon it, an Irish dart of gold set
with diamonds, a golden rose with a fly and spider upon it, a golden
frog set with jewels, a golden daisy, and emerald buttons, gown studs
of rubies and pearls, and a chain of golden scallop shells, with chains
of agate and jet. A sumptuous magnificence was the characteristic of
the costume of this reign. When Elizabeth visited the Earl of Hertford,
at Elvetham, that nobleman met her with 3,000 followers, with black and
yellow feathers in their hats, and most of them wearing gold chains.
When she visited Suffolk, 200 bachelors in white velvet, with as many
burghers in black velvet coats and gold chains, and 1800 serving-men
received on horseback. For the French ambassador's amusement, in 1559,
1400 men-at-arms, clad in velvet, with chains of gold, mustered in
arms in Greenwich Park; and on another occasion there was a tournament
on Midsummer (Sunday) Night at the palace of Westminster, between ten
knights in white, led by the Earl of Essex, and ten knights in blue,
led by the Earl of Rutland.


CARE OF THE BEARD.

The Mahometans are very superstitious touching the beard. They bury
the hairs which come off in combing it, and break them first, because
they believe that angels have charge of every hair, and that they gain
them their dismissal by breaking it. Selim I. was the first Sultan who
shaved his beard, contrary to the law of the Koran. "I do it," said
he apologetically to the scandalized and orthodox mufti, "to prevent
my vizier leading me by it." He cared less for it than some of our
ancestors, two centuries ago, did for their own. They used to wear
pasteboard covers over them in the night, lest they should turn upon
them and rumple them in their sleep!

The famous Raskolniki schismatics had a similar superstition to the
Mahometan one mentioned above. They considered the divine image in man
to reside in the beard.


DOLE IN CONSEQUENCE OF A DREAM.

At Newark-upon-Trent, a curious custom, founded upon the preservation
of Alderman Clay and his family by a dream has prevailed since the days
of Cromwell. On 11th March every year, penny-loaves are given away to
every one who chooses to appear at the Town Hall and apply for them,
in commemoration of the Alderman's deliverance, during the siege of
Newark by the Parliamentary forces. This gentleman, by will, dated 11th
December, 1694, gave to the Mayor and Aldermen, one hundred pounds, the
interest of which was to be given to the Vicar yearly, on condition
of his preaching an annual sermon. Another hundred pounds were also
appropriated for the behoof of the poor, in the way above-mentioned.
The origin of this bequest is singular. During the bombardment of
Newark by Oliver Cromwell's forces, the Alderman dreamed three nights
successively that his house had taken fire, which produced such a vivid
impression upon his mind, that he and his family left it, and in a few
days the circumstances of his vision actually took place, by the house
being burned down by the besiegers.


GLOVE MONEY.

Gloves were popular new-year's gifts, or sometimes "glove-money" in
place of them; occasionally, these gloves carried gold pieces in them.
When Sir Thomas More was Chancellor, he decided a case in favour
of Mrs. Croaker against Lord Arundel; the former, on the following
new-year's day, gratefully presented the judge with a pair of gloves
with forty angels in them. "It would be against good manners," said
the Chancellor, "to forsake a gentlewoman's new-year's gift, and I
accept the gloves. The _lining_ you will elsewhere bestow."


GLAIVES.

The glaive was derived from the Celtic custom of placing a sword with
a hollow handle at the end of a pole, called by the natives of Wales
"llavnawr"--_the blade weapon_, and takes its name from the Cleddyv,
or Gleddyv, of the Welsh. In an abstract of the grants of the 1st
of Richard III., among the Harleian MSS., No. 443, is a warrant to
Nicholas Spicer, authorising him to impress smiths for making 2,000
Welsh glaives; and 20s. 6d. are charged for 30 glaives, with their
staves, made at Abergavenny and Llanllolved. In the romaunt of Guy,
Earl of Warwick, by Walter of Exeter, written in the time of Edward
II., also in the Harleian Library of the British Museum, they are
called gleves; thus--

    "Grant coupes de gleves trenchant
     Les escurs ne lur vailut gans."

    "Such powerful strokes from cutting gleves,
     That the shields were not worth a glove."

[Illustration: [++] Glaive.]

They were also in frequent use on the Continent, and the "Chronicle of
Flanders" mentions an instance of the cavalry having armed themselves
with glaives, which they ornamented with pennoncels. The specimen which
we have here engraved is one which was made for the Doge of Venice,
during the time that the Emperor Charles V. had the command there, in
compliment to whom the centre ornament is the Austrian eagle. Upon this
the arms of the succeeding Doge, Francisco Veneri, who held the office
from 1554 to 1556, have been deeply incised, no doubt to commemorate
the expulsion of the Germans. The pole, at the top of which the weapon
was fixed, is omitted in our engraving.


CRUELTY OF FRANCIS CARRARA.

Francis Carrara, the last Lord of Padua, was famous for his cruelties.
They shew (at Venice) a little box for a toilette, in which are six
little guns, which are so ordered with springs, and adjusted in such a
manner, that upon the opening of the trunk, the guns fired and killed
the lady to whom Carrara sent it for a present. They show also with
this, some little pocket cross-bows and arrows of steel, with which he
took pleasure to kill those he met, so secretly, that they could hardly
either perceive the blow, or him that gave it.


IRISH PIPES.

The accompanying figures represent the Irish bagpipes in their
primitive and improved forms. We have here the earliest pipes,
originally the same as the Scotch, as appears from a drawing made in
the sixteenth century, and given in Mr. Bunting's work; but they now
differ, in having the mouthpiece supplied by the bellows A, which,
being filled by the motion of the piper's arm, to which it is fastened,
fills the bag B; whence, by the pressure of the other arm, the wind is
is conveyed into the chanter C, which is played on with the fingers,
much like a common pipe. By means of a tube, the wind is conveyed into
drones _a_, _a_, _a_, which, tuned at octaves to each other, produce
a kind of cronan, or bass, to the chanter. The second cut represents
the improved, or union pipes, the drones of which, tuned at thirds and
fifths by the regulator, have keys attached to them, which not only
produce the most delightful accords, but enable the player to perform
parts of tunes, and sometimes whole tunes, without using the chanter
at all. Both drones and chanter can be rendered quiescent by means of
stops.

[Illustration: Common Bagpipes.]

[Illustration: Union Pipes.]

The pipers were at one period the "great originals" of Ireland. The
race is gradually departing, or at least "sobering" down into the ranks
of ordinary mortals; but there was a time when the pipers stood out
very prominently upon any canvas that pictured Irish life. Anecdotes
of their eccentricities might be recorded that would fill volumes. For
many years past their power has been on the wane; temperance committed
sad havoc on their prospects; and at length the introduction of "brass
bands" effectually destroyed the small balance that remained to them of
hope.


NOVEL WAY OF CURING VICIOUS HORSES.

Burckhardt tells us of a strange mode of curing a vicious horse. He has
seen, he says, vicious horses in Egypt cured of the habit of biting by
presenting to them, while in the act of doing so, a leg of mutton just
taken from the fire. The pain which the horse feels in biting through
the hot meat causes it to abandon the practice.


GROUND ICE.

Every one who has watched the freezing of a lake or pond, or any other
collection of still water, must be well aware that the ice begins to
form on the surface in thin plates or layers, which on the continuance
of the frost gradually become thicker and more solid, until the water
is affected in a downward direction, and becomes, perhaps, a solid
mass of ice. This is universally the case in stagnant water, but
it has been repeatedly proved that in rapid and rugged streams the
process of freezing is often very different. In direct opposition,
as it would seem, to the laws of the propagation of heat, the ice in
running water frequently begins to form at the bottom of the stream
instead of the top; and this fact, while it is received with doubt by
some, even among the scientific, is frequently attested by those whose
business leads them to observe the phenomenon connected with rivers.
Millers, fishermen, and watermen find that the masses of ice with which
many rivers are crowded in the winter season rise from the bottom or
bed of the stream. They say that they have seen them come up to the
surface, and have also borne them up with their hooks. The under part
of these masses of ice they have found covered with mud or encrusted
with gravel, thus bearing plain marks of the ground on which the ice
had rested. The testimony of people of this class in our country agrees
with that of a similar class in Germany, where there is a peculiar term
made use of to designate floating ice, i. e. _grundeis_ (ground-ice).

A striking example of the formation of ground-ice is mentioned by the
Commander Steenk, of Pillau. On the 9th of February, 1806, during a
strong south-east wind, and a temperature a little exceeding 34° Fahr.,
a long iron chain, to which the buoys of the fair-way are fastened,
and which had been lost sight of at Schappeiswrack in a depth of from
fifteen to eighteen feet, suddenly made its appearance at the surface
of the water and swam there; it was, however, completely encrusted with
ice to the thickness of several feet. Stones, also, of from three to
six pounds' weight, rose to the surface; they were surrounded with a
thick coat of ice. A cable, also, three and a half inches thick, and
about thirty fathoms long, which had been lost the preceding summer in
a depth of thirty feet, again made its appearance by swimming to the
surface; but it was enveloped in ice to the thickness of two feet. On
the same day it was necessary to _warp_ the ship into harbour in face
of an east wind; the anchor used for that purpose, after it had rested
an hour at the bottom, became so encrusted with ice, that it required
not more than half the usual power to heave it up.

M. Hugi, president of the Society of Natural History at Soleure,
observed, in February, 1827, a multitude of large icy tables on the
river Aar. These were continually rising from the bottom, over a
surface of four hundred and fifty square feet, and the phenomenon
lasted for a couple of hours. Two years afterwards he witnessed a
similar occurrence. On the 12th of February, 1829, at sunrise, and
after a sudden fall in the temperature, the river began to exhibit
numerous pieces of floating ice, although there was no sign of freezing
on the surface, either along the banks, or in shady places where the
water was calm. Therefore it could not be said that the floating masses
were detached from the banks. Nor could they have proceeded from any
large sheet of ice farther up the river, because, higher up, the river
exhibited hardly any ice. Besides, flakes of ice commenced soon to rise
up above the bridge; towards mid-day, islands of ice were seen forming
in the centre of the river; and by the next day these were twenty-three
in number, the largest being upwards of two hundred feet in diameter.
They were surrounded with open water, resisting a current which flowed
at the rate of nearly two hundred feet in a minute, and extending over
a space of one-eighth of a league. M. Hugi visited them in a small
boat. He landed, examined them in every direction, and discovered that
there was a layer of compact ice on their surface a few inches in
thickness, resting on a mass having the shape of an inverted cone, of a
vertical height of twelve or thirteen feet, and fixed to the bed of the
river. These cones consisted of half-melted ice, gelatinous, and much
like the spawn of a frog. It was softer at the bottom than at the top,
and was easily pierced in all directions with poles. Exposed to the
open air, the substance of the cones became quickly granulated, like
the ice that is formed at the bottom of rivers.

In the same year the pebbles in a creek of shallow water, near a
very rapid current of the Rhine, were observed to be covered with a
sort of transparent mass, an inch or two in thickness, and which, on
examination, was found to consist of icy spicula, crossing each other
in every direction. Large masses of spongy ice were also seen in
the bed of the stream, at a depth of between six or seven feet. The
watermen's poles entered these with ease, and often bore them to the
surface. This kind of ice forms most quickly in rivers whose bed is
impeded with stones and other foreign bodies.


HINDOO COMPUTATION.

The Hindoos call the whole of their four ages a _divine age_; a
thousand divine ages form a _calpa_, or one of Brahma's days, who,
during that period, successively invested fourteen _menus_, or holy
spirits, with the sovereignty of the earth. The _menu_ transmits his
empire to his posterity for seventy-one divine ages, and this period
is called _manawantara_, and as fourteen _manawantara_ make but nine
hundred and ninety-four divine ages, there remain six, which are the
twilight of Brahma's day. Thirty of these days form his month; twelve
of these months one of his years; and one hundred of these years the
duration of his existence. The Hindoos assert that fifty of these years
have already elapsed, so that we are in the first day of the first
month of the fifty-first year of Brama's age, and in the twenty-eighth
divine age of the seventh _manawantara_. The first three human ages of
this age, and five thousand years of the fourth are past. The Hindoos
therefore calculate that it is 131,400,007,205,000 years since the
birth of Brahma, or the beginning of the world.


CHINESE TOMB.

Like all people of Tartar origin, one of the most remarkable
characteristics of the Chinese is their reverence for the dead, or, as
it is usually called, their ancestral worship. In consequence of this,
their tombs are not only objects of care, but have frequently more
ornament bestowed upon them than graces the dwellings of the living.

[Illustration: [++] Chinese Tomb.]

Their tombs are of different kinds; but the most common arrangement is
that of a horseshoe-shaped platform, cut out of the side of a hill,
as represented in our engraving. It consequently has a high back,
in which is the entrance to the tomb, and slopes off to nothing at
the entrance to the horseshoe, where the wall generally terminates
with two lions or dragons, or some fantastic ornament common to
Chinese architecture. When the tomb is situated, as is generally the
case, on a hillside, this arrangement is not only appropriate, but
elegant. When the same thing is imitated on a plain, it is singular,
misplaced, and unintelligible. Many of the tombs are built of granite,
finely polished, and carved with a profusion of labour that makes us
regret that the people who can do such things should have so great a
predilection for ephemeral wooden structures, when capable of employing
the most durable materials with such facility.


ABYSSINIAN ARMS.

[Illustration: [++] Abyssinian Arms.]

The above engraving represents a group of Abyssinian arms. The sword,
spear, and shield are essentially the weapons of the Abyssinians,
firearms being only of comparatively recent introduction, and not
generally used. The shields are round, and nearly a yard in diameter;
they are very neatly made of buffalo's hide, and of the form most
calculated to throw off a lance-point; namely, falling back gradually
from the boss or centre (which protrudes) to the edges. At the centre,
in the inside, is fixed a solid leather handle, by which the shield is
held in the hand when fighting, or through which the arm is passed
to the elbow, for convenience of carrying on a journey. The edge is
perforated with a number of holes, through which leather loops are
passed, and by these it is hung up in the houses. The face of the
shield is often ornamented in various ways, according to the wealth
or fancy of the owner. Some have simply a narrow strip of lion's skin
on each side of the boss, but crossing each other above and below
it, the lower ends being allowed to hang at some length; others have
a large broad strip of the mane down the centre of the shield, and
hanging several inches below it. This is, of course, usually made of
two or three pieces stitched together, as it would be difficult to get
a single piece of sufficient length and beauty of fur. Others to this
add a lion's paw or tail, fastened on the left side of the mane, and
often highly adorned with silver. The beautiful long black and white
fur of a sort of monkey, called "goréza," occasionally supplies the
place of that of the nobler yet scarcely so beautiful animal. A shield
almost completely covered with plates and bosses of silver, is usually
the mark of the chief of some district. Those similarly plated in
brass were likewise formerly used only by chiefs, though now they are
carried by every soldier who can afford to buy them. The plated shield
is called "tebbora." Those in brass are not much approved of, as they
usually cover a bad skin; for a man possessed of a good handsome shield
would never think of thus hiding its intrinsic beauties.

In former times a beautiful crooked knife was used in Tigrè, the sheath
and handle of which were profusely enriched with silver and gilt.
These, however, are never worn now, the long "shotel" in Tigrè, and the
European-shaped sword among the Amhàra and most of the soldiers, have
entirely superseded them.

The "shotel" is an awkward-looking weapon. Some, if straight, would be
nearly four feet long: they are two-edged, and curved to a semicircle,
like a reaper's sickle. They are principally used to strike the point
downwards over the guard of an adversary, and for this the long curved
shape is admirably adapted. It is, however, a very clumsy weapon to
manage. The sheath is of red morocco leather, its point being often
ornamented with a hollow silver ball, called "lomita," as large as
a small apple. Many of the swords used are made in Europe, and are
such as would be carried by the light cavalry, though lighter than
ours. Being, however, cheap, showy articles, they are apt to break,
and therefore the Abyssinians are getting tired of them, preferring
those made of soft iron in their own country. These they make also
with the faible considerably broader than the forte, to give force to
the blow. Of course, they bend on the least stress; but, in defence
of this failing, their owners say that, if a sword breaks, who is
to mend it?--while, if it bends, you have only to sit on it, and it
gets straight again. The handles of both this and the "shotel" are
made of the horn of the rhinoceros. They are cut out of the horn at
great loss of material, and hence they fetch a good price. It should
be remembered that the heart of the horn is black, outside of which
there is a coating, not quite an inch thick, of a semi-transparent
white colour. To make a sword-handle, a piece of horn of the requisite
length is first sawn off. This is then re-sawn longitudinally into
three pieces, of which the inner one only is eligible for handles. This
piece is about an inch and a half thick, four or five inches broad at
the broader extremity, and three at the narrower. As it lies sawn flat
before us we can distinctly see the black stripe in the centre, with
the white on each side. Next, a nearly semicircular piece is cut out
at each side, leaving only four points of the white as four corners,
and the grasp black. The handle is then finished, bored for the shank
of the blade, and polished. The shank is usually clinched over a
half-dollar beaten convex; a _fil-et-grain_ boss, called "timbora," is,
however, sometimes substituted. A sword-hilt thus made is obviously a
very clumsy one to handle, as the points are parallel to the edge, and
those farthest from the blade are longest.


GEORGIANS AS TOPERS.

It is as unsurpassable topers, as well as for their military qualities,
which have always been acknowledged, that the Georgians have acquired
notoriety. At their frequent drinking parties it is said they will pass
several days and nights, almost without intermission, in quaffing the
productions of the vineyards of Kakheti, a district in the mountains
east of Tiflis. This wine is by no means of bad quality; it is of a
deep red colour, so deep that one fancies it has been tinged with some
dye to produce so intense a hue. They are said to consume incredible
quantities of wine on these occasions, and in a fashion that would
put to shame the drinking triumphs of Ireland, recorded by Sir Jonah
Barrington, in days of old, when intoxication was the standard of
spirit. The drinking vessel is a cow's horn, of considerable length,
and the point of honour is to drain it at a draught. The brethren and
convivial rivals of the Georgians in the neighbouring provinces of
Imeretia and Mingrelia, instead of a horn, use a delicately-hollowed
globe of walnut tree, with a long narrow tube at the orifice. It holds
fully a pint, and like its companion, the horn, the contents are
consumed at a single gulp. How these globes are hollowed is as great
a marvel as the construction of the ingenious Chinese puzzle of ball
within ball.


STAG-HUNT IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

The following vivid picture of a stag-hunt is taken from the page of
an old author, and refers to the days of the unfortunate Mary Queen
of Scots:--"In the year 1567, the Earl of Athol, a prince of the
blood royal, had, with much trouble and vast expense, a hunting-match
for the entertainment of our most illustrious and gracious queen.
Our people called this a royal hunting. I was then a young man, and
present on that occasion. Two thousand Highlanders, or wild Scotch,
as you call them, were employed to drive to the hunting-ground all
the deer from the woods and hills of Athol, Badenoch, Marr, Murray,
and the counties about. As these Highlanders use a light dress, and
are very swift of foot, they went up and down so nimbly, that in less
than two months' time, they brought together two thousand red deer,
besides roes and fallow deer. The queen, the great men, and a number
of others, were in a glen when these deer were brought before them.
Believe me, the whole body moved forward in something like battle
order. The sight delighted the queen very much; but she soon had cause
for fear. Upon the earl--(who had been accustomed from his early days
to such sights)--addressing her thus:--'Do you observe that stag who
is foremost of the herd? There is danger from that stag; for if either
fear or rage should force him from the ridge of that hill, let every
one look to himself, for none of us will be out of the way of harm;
for the rest will follow this one, and having thrown us under foot,
they will open a passage to this hill behind us.' What happened a
moment after confirmed this opinion; for the queen ordered one of the
best dogs to be let loose on one of the deer: this the dog pursues;
the leading stag was frighted; he flies by the same way he had come
there; the rest rush after him, and break out where the thickest body
of Highlanders are; they had nothing for it but to throw themselves
flat on the heath, and allow the deer to pass over them. It was told
the queen that several of the Highlanders had been wounded, and that
two or three had been killed outright; and the whole body had got off,
had not the Highlanders, by their skill in hunting, fallen upon a
stratagem to cut off the rear from the main body. It was of those that
had been separated that the queen's dogs and those of the nobility made
slaughter. There were killed that day three hundred and sixty deer,
besides some roes."


TIME WASTED IN TAKING SNUFF.

A vast quantity of valuable time is wasted by the votaries of tobacco,
especially by the smokers; and that the devotees of snuff are not
greatly behind in this respect, will be shown by the following singular
calculation of Lord Stanhope:--

"Every professed, inveterate, and incurable snuff-taker," says his
lordship, "at a moderate computation, takes one pinch in ten minutes.
Every pinch, with the agreeable ceremony of blowing and wiping the nose
and other incidental circumstances, consumes one minute and a half.
One minute and a half out of every ten, allowing sixteen hours to a
snuff-taking day, amounts to two hours and twenty-four minutes out of
every natural day, or one day out of ten. One day out of every ten,
amounts to thirty-six days and a half in a year. Hence, if we suppose
the practice to be persisted in forty years, two entire years of the
snuff-taker's life will be dedicated to tickling his nose, and two more
to blowing it. The expense of snuff, snuff-boxes, and handkerchiefs,
will be the subject of a second essay, in which it will appear that
this luxury encroaches as much on the income of the snuff-taker as it
does on his time; and that by proper application of the time and money
thus lost to the public, a fund might be constituted for the discharge
of the national debt."


VALUE OF A LONG PSALM.

Formerly a psalm was allowed to be sung at the gallows by the culprit,
in case of a reprieve. It is reported of one of the chaplains to
the famous Montrose, that being condemned in Scotland to die, for
attending his master in some of his glorious exploits, and being
upon the ladder, ordered to set out a psalm, he expecting a reprieve,
named the 119th Psalm (with which the officer attending the execution
complied, the Scotch Presbyterians being great psalm-singers): and it
was well for him he did so, for they had sung it half through before
the reprieve came: any other psalm would have hanged him.


ANCIENT INCENSE CHARIOT.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Incense Chariot.]

The implement which we have engraved was found in a tomb at Cervetri
in Etruria, and unquestionably belongs to a very remote date of the
archaic period. It was used in the ritual services of the ancients,
and seems to have been destined for burning incense. The perfume was,
no doubt, placed in the concave part, and the fact of the whole being
mounted upon four wheels proves that it was intended to be moved about,
which, in religious services, may have been a great convenience. The
borders are adorned by a row of flower-shaped ornaments, the graceful
forms of which will be appreciated in the side-view we have given of
it. It must be confessed, indeed, that this monument, which is marked
by the stamp of an antiquity so exceedingly remote, displays within the
limits of its archaic character much elegance, conveying the idea of a
highly refined taste, suitable to a person of dignified position, as
the priest or king may be supposed to have been, to whom the article
belonged.


TOO MUCH PARENTAL AUTHORITY.

All the world over, the current of natural affection flows strongly
downwards to posterity. Love for children, in most nations, seems to
be stronger than the love for parents. But in China, the current of
natural affection is thrown back towards parents with undue strength.
The love of posterity is in danger of being checked and weakened by
their excessive veneration for parents. The father has absolute power,
even the power of life and death, over his children. A few years ago,
a Chinese father said to his wife, "What shall we do with our young
son? He is undutiful and rebellious, and will bring disgrace on our
family name; let us put him to death." Accordingly, having tied a cord
round the boy's neck, the father pulled one end of it, and the mother
the other, and thus they strangled their son. The magistrates took no
notice of the occurrence. A wealthy Chinese gentleman at Ningpo shut
up one of his orphan grandchildren and starved her to death. He could
not be troubled rearing her up. Another man at the same place, having
commanded two of his sons one day to follow him, entered a boat, and
rowed out to the middle of the stream. He then deliberately tied a
stone to the neck of one of his sons, and threw him into the river. The
other lad was compelled to assist his father in the cruel proceeding.
These facts are well known to the missionaries at that place. They
heard the cries of the poor girl, and rescued her sister from a similar
fate, and they saw the youth drowned by his father. But the authorities
never thought of interfering.


POPULAR PASTIMES.

The popular pastimes of the time of James the First are enumerated in
the following lines, in a little work entitled "The Letting of Humour's
Blood in the Head-vaine; with a New Morisco daunced by seven Satyres
upon the bottome of Diogenes' tubbe:" 8vo, Lond. 1611.

  "Man, I dare challenge thee to THROW THE SLEDGE,
  To jump or LEAPE over ditch or hedge,
  To WRASTLE, play at STOOLEBALL, or to RUNNE:
  To PITCH THE BARRE, or to SHOOTE OFF A GUNNE:
  To play at LOGGETS, NINE HOLES, or TEN PINNES:
  To try it out at FOOT-BALL by the shinnes:
  At TICKTACKE, IRISH NODDIE, MAW, and RUFFE,
  At HOT-COCKLES, LEAP-FROG, or BLINDMAN-BUFFE;
  To drinke halfe-pots, or deale at the whole can:
  To play at BASE, or PEN-AND-YNKHORNE SIR JUAN;
  To daunce the MORRIS, play at BARLEY-BREAKE,
  At all exploytes a man can thinke or speake;
  At SHOVE-GROATE, VENTER-POYNT, or CROSSE & PILE,
  At BESHROW HIM THAT'S LAST AT YONDER STYLE;
  At LEAPING O'ER A MIDSOMMER-BON-FIER,
  Or at the DRAWING DUN OUT OF THE MYER:
  At any of those, or all these presently,
  Wagge but your finger, I am for you, I!"


VACILLATING NEWSPAPERS.

The newspapers of Paris, submitted to the censorship of the press, in
1815, announced in the following terms, Bonaparte's departure from the
Isle of Elba, his march across France, and his entry into the French
Capital:--9th March--The Cannibal has escaped from his den. 10th--The
Corsican ogre has just landed at Cape Juan. 11th--The Tiger has arrived
at Gap. 12th--The Monster has passed the night at Grenoble. 13th--The
Tyrant has crossed Lyons. 14th--The Usurper is directing his course
towards Dijon, but the brave and loyal Burgundians have risen in a
body, and they surround him on all sides. 18th--Bonaparte is sixty
leagues from the Capital; he has had skill enough to escape from the
hands of his pursuers. 19th--Bonaparte advances rapidly, but he
will never enter Paris. 20th--To-morrow, Napoleon will be under our
ramparts. 21st--The Emperor is at Fontainebleau. 22nd--His Imperial and
Royal Majesty last evening made his entrance into his Palace of the
Tuileries, amidst the joyous acclamations of an adoring and faithful
people.


PRESSING TO DEATH, AND PRAYING AND FASTING.

In a number of Oliver Cromwell's Newspaper, "The Perfect Account of
the Daily Intelligence," dated April 16th, 1651, we find this horrid
instance of torture:--

"Mond. April 14th.--This session, at the Old Bailey, were four men
pressed to death that were all in one robbery, and, out of obstinacy
and contempt of the court, stood mute and refused to plead; from whence
we may perceive the exceeding great hardness some men are grown unto,
who do not only swerve from instructions, exhortations, and goodnesse,
but become so lewd and insolent that they render themselves the proper
subjects for whom severe laws were first invented and enacted."

The very next paragraph in the paper is to the following effect:--

"Those of the congregate churches, and many other godly people in
London and parts adjacent, have appointed Friday, the 25th instant, as
a day of solemn fasting and prayer, for a blessing upon the armies at
land, the fleet at sea, and negociations abroad."


THE FIRST WATCHES IN ENGLAND.

In 1584 watches began to come from Germany, and the watchmaker soon
became a trader of importance. The watches were often of immense size,
and hung in a rich case from the neck, and by fops wound up with great
gravity and ceremony in Paul's or at the ordinary dinner. Catgut
mainsprings must have been slightly affected by changes of weather, and
sometimes a little out of time in wet Novembers; but, Sessa, let the
world live! An early specimen of the watch that we have seen engraved
was, however, not larger than a walnut, richly chased, and enclosed
in a pear-shaped case. It had no minute hand, but was of beautiful
workmanship. Country people, like Touchstone, sometimes carried pocket
dials, in the shape of brass rings, with a slide and aperture, to be
regulated to the season.


EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCE.

Jesse, in his interesting "Gleanings in Natural History," gives
the following remarkable instance of an extraneous substance being
found imbedded in the solid timber of an ash:--"A person on whose
accuracy and veracity I can place every reliance, informed me that
hearing from some of his brother workmen, that in sawing up the butt
of a large ash-tree, they had found a bird's nest in the middle of
it; he immediately went to the spot, and found an ash cut in two
longitudinally on the saw-pit, and the bird's nest nearly in the centre
of the tree. The nest was about two-thirds of a hollow globe, and
composed of moss, hair, and feathers, all seemingly in a fresh state.
There were three eggs in it, nearly white and somewhat speckled. On
examining the tree most minutely with several other workmen, no mark
or protuberance was found to indicate the least injury. The bark was
perfectly smooth and the tree quite sound." In endeavouring to account
for this curious fact, we can only suppose that some accidental hole
was made in the tree before it arrived at any great size, in which a
bird had built its nest, and forsaken it after she had laid three eggs.
As the tree grew larger, the bark would grow over the hole, and in
process of time the nest would become embedded in the tree.


PORT COON CAVE.

[Illustration: [++] Port Coon Cave.]

The above is a sketch of a cave which well deserves a place among our
collection of Wonders. It is called Port Coon Cave, and is in the
line of rocks near the Giants' Causeway. It may be visited either by
sea or by land. Boats may row into it to the distance of a hundred
yards or more, but the swell is sometimes dangerous; and although
the land entrance to the cave is slippery, and a fair proportion of
climbing is necessary to achieve the object, still the magnificence of
the excavation, its length, and the formation of the interior, would
repay greater exertion; the stones of which the roof and sides are
composed, and which are of a rounded form, and embedded, as it were,
in a basaltic paste, are formed of concentric spheres resembling the
coats of an onion; the innermost recess has been compared to the side
aisle of a Gothic cathedral; the walls are most painfully slimy to the
touch; the discharge of a loaded gun reverberates amid the rolling of
the billows, so as to thunder a most awful effect; and the notes of a
bugle, we are told, produced delicious echoes.


ANECDOTE IN PORCELAIN.

[Illustration: [++] Count Brühl's Tailor and His Wife.]

The finest specimens of Dresden porcelain were undoubtedly made
previously to the Seven Years' War, when no expense was spared, and
when any price might be obtained. Count Brühl, the profligate minister
of Augustus III., whose splendid palace and terrace is the great
ornament of Dresden, was importuned by his tailor to be allowed to
see the manufactory, admission to which was strictly prohibited. At
length he consented, and the tailor upon his entrance was presented
with the two last new pieces made, which were--one a grotesque figure,
a portrait of himself mounted upon a he-goat, with the shears, and all
his other implements of trade; and the other, his wife upon a she-goat,
with a baby in swaddling clothes. The poor tailor was so annoyed with
these caricatures, that he turned back without desiring to see more.
These pieces, known as Count Brühl's Tailor and his Wife, are now much
sought after, from their historical interest. They were made in 1760,
by Kändler.


ANGLO-SAXON FEASTS.

It is a mark of Anglo-Saxon delicacy, that table-cloths were features
at Anglo-Saxon feasts; but, as the long ends were used in place of
napkins, the delicacy would be of a somewhat dirty hue, if the cloth
were made to serve at a second feast. There was a rude sort of display
upon the board; but the order of service was of a quality that would
strike the "Jeameses" of the age of Victoria with inexpressible
disgust. The meat was never "dished," and "covers" were as yet unknown.
The attendants brought the viands into the dining-hall on the spits,
knelt to each guest, presented the spit to his consideration; and,
the guest having helped himself, the attendant went through the same
ceremony with the next guest. Hard drinking followed upon these same
ceremonies; and even the monasteries were not exempt from the sins
of gluttony and drunkenness. Notwithstanding these bad habits, the
Anglo-Saxons were a cleanly people; the warm bath was in general use.
Water, for hands and feet, was brought to every stranger on entering a
house wherein he was about to tarry and feed; and, it is said that one
of the severest penances of the church was the temporary denial of the
bath, and of cutting the hair and nails.


HOUSEHOLD RULES IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

From Sir J. Harrington's (the translator of Ariosto) rules for
servants, we obtain a very clear conception of the internal government
of a country gentleman's house in 1566.

A servant who is absent from prayers to be fined. For uttering an oath,
1d.; and the same sum for leaving a door open.

A fine of 2d., from Lady Day to Michaelmas, for all who are in bed
after six, or out after ten.

The same fine, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, for all who are in bed
after seven, or out after nine.

A fine of 1d. for any bed unmade, fire unlit, or candle-box uncleaned
after eight.

A fine of 4d. for any man detected teaching the children obscene words.

A fine of 1d. for any man waiting without a trencher, or who is absent
at a meal.

For any one breaking any of the butler's glass, 12d.

A fine of 2d. for any one who has not laid the table for dinner by
half-past ten, or the supper by six.

A fine of 4d. for any one absent a day without leave.

For any man striking another, a fine of 1d.

For any follower visiting the cook, 1d.

A fine of 1d. for any man appearing in a foul shirt, broken hose,
untied shoes, or torn doublet.

A fine of 1d, for any stranger's room left for four hours after he be
dressed.

A fine of 1d. if the hall be not cleansed by eight in winter and seven
in summer.

The porter to be fined 1d. if the court-gate be not shut during meals.

A fine of 3d. if the stairs be not cleaned every Friday after dinner.

All these fines were deducted by the steward at the quarterly payment
of the men's wages. If these laws were observed, the domestic
discipline must have been almost military in it.


THE QUEEN OF SHEBA.

Belkis, according to the Arabs, was the famous Queen of Sheba or Saba,
who visited, and afterwards married, Solomon, in the twenty-first
year of her reign. Tabari has introduced her story with such gorgeous
embellishments as to resemble a fairy tale rather than episode in
serious narrative. She is said to have been subdued by the Jewish
monarch, who discovered her retreat among the mountains, between Hejaz
and Yemen by means of a lapwing, which he had despatched in search
of water during his progress through Arabia. This princess is called
Nicolaa by some writers. The Abyssinians claim the same distinction for
one of their queens; and have preserved the names of a dynasty alleged
to have been descended from her union with Solomon.


SUPERSTITION IN FRANCE.

In France, superstition at this day is even more prevalent than it
is in England. Garinet, in his history of Magic and Sorcery in that
country, cites upwards of twenty instances which occurred between the
years 1805 and 1818. In the latter year no less than three tribunals
were occupied with trials originating in this humiliating belief: we
shall cite only one of them. Julian Desbourdes, aged fifty-three, a
mason, and inhabitant of the village of Thilouze, near Bourdeaux,
was taken suddenly ill, in the month of January 1818. As he did not
know how to account for his malady, he suspected at last that he was
bewitched. He communicated this suspicion to his son-in-law Bridier,
and they both went to consult a sort of idiot, named Boudouin, who
passed for a conjuror or _white-witch_. This man told them that
Desbourdes was certainly bewitched, and offered to accompany them to
the house of an old man named Renard, who, he said, was undoubtedly
the criminal. On the night of the 23rd of January all three proceeded
stealthily to the dwelling of Renard, and accused him of afflicting
persons with diseases by the aid of the devil. Desbourdes fell on his
knees and earnestly entreated to be restored to his former health,
promising that he would take no measures against him for the evil he
had done. The old man denied in the strongest terms that he was a
wizard; and when Desbourdes still pressed him to remove the spell from
him, he said he knew nothing about the spell, and refused to remove
it. The idiot Boudouin, the _white-witch_, now interfered, and told
his companions that no relief for the malady could ever be procured
until the old man confessed his guilt. To force him to confession they
lighted some sticks of sulphur which they had brought with them for the
purpose, and placed them under the old man's nose. In a few moments he
fell down suffocated and apparently lifeless. They were all greatly
alarmed; and thinking that they had killed the man, they carried him
out and threw him into a neighbouring pond, hoping to make it appear
that he had fallen in accidentally. The pond, however, was not very
deep, and the coolness of the water reviving the old man, he opened his
eyes and sat up. Desbourdes and Bridier, who were still waiting on the
bank, were now more alarmed than before, lest he should recover and
inform against them. They therefore waded into the pond, seized their
victim by the hair of the head, beat him severely, and then held him
under water till he was drowned.

They were all three apprehended on the charge of murder a few days
afterwards. Desbourdes and Bridier were found guilty of aggravated
manslaughter only, and sentenced to be burnt on the back, and to work
in the galleys for life. The _white-witch_ Boudouin was acquitted on
the ground of insanity.


HELMET OF SIR JOHN CROSBY.

[Illustration: [++] Helmet of Sir John Crosby.]

We here present our readers with a sketch of the helmet of Sir John
Crosby, as it originally appeared when suspended over his tomb in St.
Helen's Church, Bishopsgate. He was an eminent merchant of London; but
is represented upon his tomb in a full suit of armour. He died in 1475.
The extreme height of the crown of the helmet resembles that on the
tomb of the Earl of Warwick, in the Beauchamp Chapel at Warwick; and
was intended to support the crest of the wearer, the holes for affixing
it being still visible.


EARTHQUAKE PANIC.

A panic terror of the end of the world seized the good people of Leeds
and its neighbourhood in the year 1806. It arose from the following
circumstances. A hen, in a village close by, laid eggs, on which were
inscribed the words, "_Christ is coming_." Great numbers visited the
spot, and examined these wondrous eggs, convinced that the day of
judgment was near at hand. Like sailors in a storm, expecting every
instant to go to the bottom, the believers suddenly became religious,
prayed violently, and flattered themselves that they repented them of
their evil courses. But a plain tale soon put them down, and quenched
their religion entirely. Some gentlemen, hearing of the matter, went
one fine morning and caught the poor hen in the act of laying one of
her miraculous eggs. They soon ascertained beyond doubt that the egg
had been inscribed with some corrosive ink, and cruelly forced up
again, into the bird's body. At this explanation, those who had prayed,
now laughed, and the world wagged as merrily as of yore.


OLD ENGLISH SACK-POT.

[Illustration: [++] Sack-Pot.]

Sack was such a national beverage of the jolly old England of the
seventeenth century, that we are sure our readers will thank us for
giving them an idea of the vessel in which it was commonly used. The
bottle here engraved, and inscribed "Sack," was found in Old Tabley
Hall, Cheshire, and is a veritable specimen of the sort of vessel from
which the topers of the "good old times" poured into their cups the
drink with which they so loved to warm their heart-strings. It is of a
dull-white, with blue letters, and it is in the possession of the Hon.
Robert Curzon, jun., author of the interesting work on the Monasteries
of the Levant. Two old English bottles of similar character, one
lettered Sack, the other Claret, dated 1646, were sold at Strawberry
Hill.


AGE OF TREES.

Mr. Twining was engaged, in the year 1827, in measuring and inspecting
a large lot of hemlock timber cut from the north-eastern slope of East
Rock, New Haven (America), and destined for the foundation of a wharf.
While thus employed he took particular notice of the successive layers,
each of which constitutes a year's growth of the tree, and which in
that kind of wood are very distinct. These layers were of various
breadths, and plainly showed that in some seasons the trees made a
much greater advance than in others, some of the layers being five or
six times broader than others. Every tree had thus preserved a _record
of the seasons_ for the period of its growth, whether thirty years or
two hundred--and what was worthy of notice, _every tree told the same
story_. Thus, by beginning at the outer layer of two trees, the one
young the other old, and counting back twenty years, if the young tree
indicated, by a full layer, a _growing season_ for that kind of timber,
the other tree indicated the same.

"I had then before me," (says this intelligent observer) "two or three
hundred _meteorological tables_, all of them as unerring as nature; and
by selecting one tree from the oldest, and sawing out a thin section
from its trunk, I might have preserved one of the number to be referred
to afterwards. It might have been smoothed on the one side by the
plane, so as to exhibit its record to the eye with all the neatness and
distinctness of a drawing. On the opposite side might have been minuted
in indelible writing the locality of the tree, the kind of timber, the
year and month when cut, the soil where it grew, the side and point
which faced the north, and every other circumstance which can possibly
be supposed ever to have the most remote relation to the value of the
table in hand. The lover of science will not be backward to incur such
trouble, for he knows how often, in the progress of human knowledge,
an observation or an experiment has lost its value by the disregard of
some circumstance connected with it, which at the time was not thought
worthy of notice. Lastly, there might be attached to the same section
a written meteorological table compiled from the observations of some
scientific person, if such observations had been made in the vicinity.
This being done, why, in the eye of science, might not this _natural_,
_unerring_, _graphical_ record of seasons past deserve as careful
preservation as a curious mineral, or a new form of crystals?"


THE CAMEL AS A SCAPE-GOAT.

A very singular account of the use to which a camel is sometimes put,
is given by the traveller Bruce. He tells us that he saw one employed
to appease a quarrel between two parties, something in the same way as
the scape-goat was used in the religious services of the Jewish people.
The camel being brought out was accused by both parties of all the
injuries, real or supposed, which belonged to each. All the mischief
that had been done, they accused this camel of doing. They upbraided
it with being the cause of all the trouble that had separated friends,
called it by every opprobious epithet, and finally killed it, and
declared themselves reconciled over its body.


SUSPENDED VOLITION.

A young lady, an attendant of the Princess ----, after having been
confined to her bed for a great length of time with a violent nervous
disorder, was at last, to all appearance, deprived of life. Her lips
were quite pale, her face resembled the countenance of a dead person,
and the body grew cold.

She was removed from the room in which she lay, was put in a coffin,
and the day of her funeral fixed on. The day arrived, and, according to
the custom of the country, funeral songs and hymns were sung before the
door. Just as the people were about to nail on the lid of the coffin, a
kind of perspiration was observed to appear on the surface of her body.
It grew greater every moment, and at last a kind of convulsive motion
was observed in the hands and feet of the corpse. A few minutes after,
during which time fresh signs of returning life appeared, she at once
opened her eyes and uttered a most pitiable shriek. Physicians were
quickly procured, and in the course of a few days she was considerably
restored.

The description which she gave of her situation is extremely
remarkable, and forms a curious and authentic addition to psychology.

She said it seemed to her, as if in a dream, that she was really dead;
yet she was perfectly conscious of all that happened around her in
this dreadful state. She distinctly heard her friends speaking, and
lamenting her death, at the side of her coffin. She felt them pull on
the dead-clothes, and lay her in them. This feeling produced a mental
anxiety which is indescribable. She tried to cry, but her soul was
without power, and could not act on her body. She had the contradictory
feeling as if she were in her body, and yet not in it, at one and the
same time. It was equally impossible for her to stretch out her arm or
to open her eyes, or to cry, although she continually endeavoured to do
so. The internal anguish of her mind was, however, at its utmost height
when the lid of the coffin was about to be nailed on. The thought that
she was to be buried alive was the one that gave activity to her soul,
and caused it to operate on her corporeal frame.


FASHIONS FOR THE DEAD.

The following advertisement appeared in a Glasgow paper about the
middle of the last century. "James Hodge, who lives in the first close
above the Cross, on the west side of the street, Glasgow, continues to
sell burying Crapes ready made; and his wife's niece, who lives with
him, dresses dead Corpses at as cheap a rate as was formerly done by
her aunt, having been educated by her, and perfected at Edinburgh, from
whence she is lately arrived, and has all the newest and best fashions."


COMMON USE OF PLATE IN THE TIME OF HENRY VIII.

A writer in the early part of the sixteenth century tells us that in
his time, in the reign of Henry the Eighth, the luxury of the table
had descended even to citizens, and that there were few whose tables
were not daily provided with spoons, cups, and a salt-cellar of silver.
Those of a higher sphere affected a greater profusion of plate; but the
quantity accumulated by Cardinal Wolsey, though the precious metals
are now so copious, still continues to excite our surprise. At Hampton
Court, where he feasted the French ambassadors and their splendid
retinue in 1528, two cupboards, extending across the banquet chambers,
were piled to the top with plate and illuminated; yet, without
encroaching on these ostentatious repositories, a profuse service
remained for the table. Two hundred and eighty beds were provided for
the guests; every chamber had a bason and ewer of silver, beside other
utensils.


DIOGENES IN A PITHOS, NOT TUB.

A pithos is a description of earthen vessel or jar, distinguished from
the amphora by its large mouth, and comparatively flattened base. Its
shape was more that of a gourd, or pot; its size large enough to have
rendered it applicable to the purposes of a cistern, or water butt.
Such, indeed, appear in some instances to have been its dimensions,
that it has long been a matter of dispute amongst the learned whether,
if Diogenes dwelt in a tub at all (a point by no means settled), his
humble habitation were of wood or earthenware. Brougniart adopts the
latter opinion, and has illustrated it by a partial copy from a print
in Winckelmann. In the original, the philosopher is shown holding his
well-known chat with Alexander the Great, at the gate of the Metroum,
or Temple of the Mother of the Gods at Athens; but his tub has there
the addition of a dog lying on the outside, above his master's head,
evidently on the watch to defend him, if necessary, against any
attack from the royal warrior. Winckelmann's engraving, which we here
present, is taken from a bas-relief discovered in the Villa Albani;
in which the cynic's tub is clearly of earthenware, having a large
fracture on one side, which has been repaired with some other material
dovetailed across the crack. This, Winckelmann concludes to have been
lead (commesso col piombo), simply, however, upon the authority of the
following lines in Juvenal:--

                        "Si Fregeris, altera fiet
    Cras domus, aut eadem plumbo commissa manebit."

      _Sat._ xiv 310.

[Illustration: [++] Diogenes in a Pithos.]

Be all this, however, as it may, the controversy is not without its
value in connexion with the ceramic productions of the period. If
the "dolia" and "[Greek: pithaknê]." of the ancients had not been of
sufficient capacity, however kennel-like, to have served as a dwelling,
or shelter, for the philosopher, the tale would hardly have existed.
Nor does it seem probable that Juvenal, in allusion to the story,
would have used the term _testâ_ (testâ cum vidit in illâ magnum
habitatorem), or have dwelt upon their fragility, or have said that
they would not burn (dolia nudi non ardent Cynici), if vessels of the
sort had not been commonly of earthenware. These vessels, both ancient
and modern, have a thickness and strength which enables them to be
rolled on a ladder to and from the top of the kiln, where they are
baked, without injury.


CHINESE SCHOOL.

[Illustration: [++] Native Chinese School.]

The annexed engraving is a curiosity both in itself and in what it
represents. It is taken from a sketch by a native Chinese artist, and
depicts the internal arrangements of a native Chinese school. The
extraordinary nature of the Chinese language renders it impossible
for a schoolmaster to instruct more than a very few scholars at
a time, since the meaning of the words actually depends on their
correct intonation. Every vocable in the language is capable of being
pronounced in six different tones of voice, and of conveying six
meanings, totally different from each other, according to the tone
given to it. Pronounced in one tone, it conveys one meaning, and is
represented by one written character; pronounced in another tone, it
conveys an entirely distinct meaning, and is represented in writing
by another character altogether different. The correct and distinct
enunciation of these tones is the chief difficulty in learning to
speak the language. These tones are stereotyped and fixed, and must
be learned, as part of the word, at the same time that its form and
signification are mastered. Moreover, they are all arranged upon
system, like the notes in a gamut, and when thoroughly mastered, the
theory of the tones is really beautiful. If a wrong tone, then, is
given to a word in reading or in conversation, it grates upon a Chinese
ear like a false note in playing the fiddle. Further, if the voice be
not correctly modulated, and the words correctly intoned, not only is
a jarring note pronounced, but actually a wrong word is uttered, and a
different meaning conveyed from what was intended. A missionary to the
Chinese, therefore, should be possessed of a musical ear. Without this,
the acquisition of the spoken language will be attended by very arduous
labour; and, perhaps, after years of toil, he will find that he still
frequently fails in correctly conveying his meaning.


LONDON LOCALITIES IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

At Ludgate was a gaol, where the prisoners clamoured for alms at the
barred grate; and it was here that Sir Thomas Wyatt had been repulsed.
The city wall that joined this gate to its other fellow gates ran
from the Tower through the Minories to Aldgate, Houndsditch, and
Bishopsgate, through Cripplegate to Aldersgate, and so past Christ's
Hospital by Newgate and Ludgate to the Thames.

Pimlico was a country place where citizens used to repair to eat
"pudding pies" on a Sunday, as they did to Islington or Hogsden to take
tobacco and drink new milk; as Islington was famous for its dairy,
where Sir Walter Raleigh is said to have lived in an old house still
standing, so Holloway was famous for its cheese cakes; and it is these
peculiarities that, after all, confer immortality upon a place. Chelsea
was the mere village of Chelsea, known from Sir Thomas More's house,
where Henry VIII. had walked with his arm round that great statesman's
doomed neck; as Holborn was then a country road leading to the pleasant
village of St. Giles, and trending on to the way that led to Oxford and
to fatal Tyburn, so called from its burn or brook, then well known to
patient city anglers. The triple tree or gallows stood at the corner
of the present Edgware Road. The same Oxford Street led also, if you
turned up one side of the Hampstead Road, to the Tottenham Court,
which stood there alone far in the country, and Primrose Hill was an
untrodden hillock, surrounded by wide paths and ditches between this
court and Hampstead.

A cheerful little stream, known by the pleasant name of the Fleet, rose
near Hampstead Hill, and joined by the Old Bourne and recruited by
sparkling Clerken Well, emptied itself in the Thames. Though even then
merely a sewer, it was open, and had four bridges of its own, while the
Thames had but one; and these were known as Holborn Bridge, Fleet-lane
Bridge, Fleet Bridge, and Bridewell Bridge.

Spitalfields was a grassy open space, with artillery grounds and a
pulpit and cross, where fairs were held and sermons preached. There
were also Tothill Fields, and Finsbury Fields, and Moor Fields, just
outside the city walls, laid out in walks, and planted, as far as
Hoxton. Round these squares there were windmills and everything equally
rural. As for Piccadilly, it was everywhere known as a road to Reading,
and by many herbalists, as harbouring the small wild foxglove in its
dry ditches.

Outside Temple Bar, before the wooden gatehouse was built, lay the
Strand, the road leading from the city to the houses of Court. This
river bank was the chosen residence of the nobility, whose gardens
stretched to the edge of the then undefiled river. The sky then was
pure and bright, for our ancestors burnt wood fires, and the water was
gay with thousands of boats. Each house had its terrace, its water
stairs, and garden. The street houses were so scattered that the river
could be seen between them, and there were three water courses there
traversed by bridges, besides two churches and a maypole. Here stood
York House, where Bacon was born, and Durham Place, where Raleigh
lived, with his study in a turret overlooking the river; there also
were Arundel House and Essex House, where great men pined and plotted.

At Whitehall stood Wolsey's Palace, enlarged by Henry VIII., and
Elizabeth's favourite residence when not at Nonsuch in Surrey, Windsor,
Greenwich, or Richmond. The tilt-yard stood where the Horse Guards
now stands. St. James's Palace, also built by Henry VIII., where the
Queen's melancholy-bigot sister had died, was seldom inhabited by the
Court; but the park was even then existing. As for the old palace of
Richard III. (Baynard's Castle), that had been let to the Earl of
Pembroke, and the same king's dwelling of Crosby Hall had fallen into
the hands of an alderman.


WARWICK THE KING-MAKER.

On the right-hand side of Newgate-street are various streets and
courts leading into Paternoster-row. Of these, Warwick and Ivy lanes,
Panyer-alley, and Lovel's-court, merit the attention of the lover of
literary and historical antiquities. Warwick-lane, now the abode of
butchers and tallow-chandlers, took its name from the inn or house of
the celebrated Warwick, the king-maker.

Stow mentions his coming to London in the famous convention of 1458,
with 600 men, all in red jackets, embroidered, with ragged staves,
before and behind, and was lodged in Warwick-lane; "in whose house
there was often six oxen eaten at a breakfast, and every taverne was
full of his meate, for hee that had any acquaintance in that house,
might have there so much of sodden and roaste meate, as he could pricke
and carry upon a long dagger."

The memory of the earl was long preserved by a small stone statue,
placed in the side front of a tobacconist's, at the corner of this
lane; and there is a public-house which has the earl's head for its
sign.


THANKSGIVING DAY IN 1697.

The following is an extract from the "Post Boy" of the above date:--

"Thursday, December 2, 1697. Thursday being appointed for the day of
Thanksgiving, the same was ushered in with ringing of bells; the king
went to the Chapel Royal, where, &c., and at night we had bonfires and
illuminations. The fine fireworks in St. James's Square were lighted
after this manner:--About twelve o'clock, the Foot Guards lined the
avenues; the rockets and all things being fixed on the rails the day
before: a little after six, the king, attended by his guards, came to
the Earl of Romney's house, from whence soon after a signal was given,
by firing a rocket, for the fireworks to go off, which were immediately
lighted; the performance was extraordinary fine, and much applauded;
the same continued somewhat better than half an hour, and there were
divers sorts of fireworks; some had the king's name, others the arms
of England; in a word, they were very curious. There was a man and a
woman unfortunately killed, and divers others hurt by the falling down
of sticks. About half an hour after, His Majesty went to St. James's
there being a fine ball."


THE GREY MAN'S PATH.

[Illustration: [++] The Grey Man's Path.]

The annexed sketch depicts a scene in the coast rocks at Fairhead,
near Ballycastle in Ireland. Fhir Leith, or "The Grey Man's Path," (a
fissure in the precipice,) viewed either from land or sea, is never to
be forgotten: it seems as though some supernatural power, determined to
hew for itself a pathway through the wonderful formations that tower
along the coast--so that it might visit or summon the spirits of the
deep, without treading a road made by mortal hands--had willed the
fearful chasm that divides the rocky promontory in two. The singular
passage, in its narrow part, is barred across by the fragment of a
pillar, hurled, as it were, over the fissure, and supported on both
sides at a considerable elevation. If you descend, you perceive the
passage widens, and becomes more important; its dark sides assume
greater height, and a more wild and sombre magnificence; and at last
they extend upwards, above 220 feet, through which the tourist arrives
at the massive _débris_ which crowd the base of the mighty promontory,
where the northern ocean rolls his threatening billows. From the
cragsmen and boatmen of this wild coast you hear no tales of Faery, no
hints of the gentle legends and superstitions collected in the south,
or in the inland districts of the north; not that they are a whit less
superstitious, but their superstition is, as the superstition of the
sea kings, of a bold and peculiar character; their ghosts come from out
the deep, before or after the rising of the moon, and climb, or rather
stalk up the rocks, and, seated upon those mysterious pillars, converse
together; so that, in the fisherman's huts, they say, "it thunders."
Even mermaids are deemed too trifling in their habits and manners
for this stupendous scenery, where spirits of the gigantic world
congregate, and where the "Grey Man" of the North Sea stalks forth,
silently and alone, up his appropriate path, to witness some mighty
convulsion of nature.


ANCIENT JET NECKLACE.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Jet Necklace.]

Various interesting ornaments, belonging to the Archaic, or Bronze
period in Scotland, are preserved in the Museum of Scottish
Antiquaries, and one set in particular, found enclosed in an urn within
a rude stone cist, on the demolition of a tumulus near the Old House of
Assynt, Rossshire, in 1824, we here engrave. They include a necklace
of irregular oval jet beads, which appear to have been strung together
like a common modern string of beads, and are sufficiently rude to
correspond with the works of a very primitive era. The other ornaments
which are represented here about one-fourth the size of the original,
are curiously studded with gold spots, arranged in patterns similar
to those with which the rude pottery of the British tumuli are most
frequently decorated, and the whole are perforated with holes passing
obliquely from the back through the edge, evidently designed for
attaching them to each other by means of threads.


JUGGLERS IN JAPAN.

The perfection of jugglery in Japan entitles it to be ranked amongst
the fine arts. An eye-witness thus describes the performance of a
Japanese juggler. "Here are some of his feats:--No. 1. He took an
ordinary boy's top, spun it in the air, caught it on his hand, and then
placed it (still spinning) upon the edge of a sword, near the hilt.
Then he dropped the sword point a little, and the top moved slowly
towards it. Arrived at the very end, the hilt was lowered in turn, and
the top brought back. As usual, the sword was dangerously sharp. No. 2
was also performed with the top. He spun it in the air, and then threw
the end of the string back towards it with such accuracy that it was
caught up and wound itself all ready for a second cast. By the time it
had done this it had reached his hand, and was ready for another spin.
No. 3 was still performed with the top. There was an upright pole, upon
the top of which was perched a little house, with a very large front
door. The top was spun, made to climb the pole, knock open the said
front door, and disappear. As well as I remember, the hand end of the
string was fastened near the door, so that this was almost a repetition
of the self-winding feat. But feat No. 4 was something even more
astonishing than all this. He took two paper butterflies, armed himself
with the usual paper fan, threw them into the air, and, fanning gently,
kept them flying about him as if they had been alive. 'He can make
them alight wherever you wish! Try him!' remarked the Kami (Prince),
through the interpreter. Mr. H---- requested that one might alight
upon each ear of the juggler. No sooner expressed than complied with.
Gentle undulations of the fan waved them slowly to the required points,
and there left them comfortably seated. Now, whether this command over
pieces of paper was obtained simply by currents of air, or by the power
of a concealed magnet, Mr. H---- could not tell or ascertain. One
thing, however, was certain, the power was there."

     MAY-FAIR PLAY BILL IN THE TIME OF WILLIAM III.
                      WILLIAM REX.
                        MAY-FAIR.
                        MILLER'S,
             OR THE LOYAL ASSOCIATION BOOTH,
                   AT THE UPPER END OF
                   BROOK-FIELD MARKET,
                 NEAR HYDE PARK CORNER.
     DURING THE TIME OF MAY-FAIR, WILL BE PRESENTED
               AN EXCELLENT DROLL, CALLED
            KING WILLIAM'S HAPPY DELIVERANCE
         AND GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OVER HIS ENEMIES,
               OR THE CONSULTATION OF THE
  POPE, DEVIL, FRENCH KING, AND THE GRAND TURK,
       WITH THE WHOLE FORM OF THE SIEGE OF NAMUR,
        AND THE HUMOURS OF A RENEGADE FRENCH MAN
                    AND BRANDY JEAN,
     WITH THE CONCEITS OF SCARAMOUCH AND HARLEQUIN,
   TOGETHER WITH THE BEST SINGING AND DANCING THAT WAS
       EVER SEEN IN A FAIR, ALSO A DIALOGUE SONG.
                     VIVAT REX.


BELLS.

Bells were formerly a prolific source of superstition. There is a
valley in Nottinghamshire, where a village is said to have been
swallowed up by an earthquake, and it was the custom on Christmas Day
morning for the people to assemble in this valley and listen to the
fancied ringing of the church bells underground. At Abbot's Morton
there is a tradition that the silver bells belonging to the abbot are
buried in the site of his old residence there. At Ledbury, a legend
relates that St. Katharine had a revelation that she was to travel
about, and not rest at any place, till she heard the bells ringing of
their own accord. This was done by the Ledbury bells on her approaching
that town. When the church at Inkberrow was rebuilt on a new site in
ancient days, it was believed that the fairies took umbrage at the
change, as they were supposed to be averse to bells; they accordingly
endeavoured to obstruct the building, but, as they did not succeed, the
following lamentation was occasionally heard by the startled rustics:

    "Neither sleep, neither lie,
     For Inkbro's ting-tangs hang so nigh."

Many years ago the twelve parish churches in Jersey each possessed a
beautiful and valuable peal of bells; but during a long civil war, the
states determined on selling these bells to defray the heavy expenses
of their army. The bells were accordingly collected, and sent to
France for that purpose; but, on the passage, the ship foundered, and
everything was lost, to show the wrath of Heaven at the sacrilege.
Since then, before a storm, these bells ring up from the deep; and,
to this day, the fishermen of St. Ouen's Bay always go to the edge of
the water before embarking, to listen if they can hear "the bells upon
the wind;" and, if those warning notes are heard, nothing will induce
them to leave the shore; if all is quiet they fearlessly set sail. As a
gentleman, who has versified the legend, says:

    "'Tis an omen of death to the mariner,
       Who wearily fights with the sea;
     For the foaming surge is his winding sheet,
       And his funeral knell are we:
     His funeral knell our passing bells beat,
       And his winding sheet the sea."


BRIBING THE DEMONS.

The rich inhabitants of the Celestial Empire, it is almost needless
to say, make an exorbitant display at funerals. They invite as many
relations and friends as they can, in order to muster an imposing
procession, and the mourning dresses worn by the whole party are at
the cost of the family of the deceased, who are also bound to provide
them for several days together with splendid repasts. A great number
of musicians are hired for the occasion, and also of _weepers_, for
though most people in China are pretty well skilled in the art of
shedding tears, there exist mourners by profession, who have carried it
to still greater perfection, and are absolutely inimitable at sobs and
groans. They follow the coffin in long white robes, hempen girdles, and
dishevelled hair; and their lamentations are accompanied by the beating
of gongs, by the sharp and discordant sounds of rude instruments of
music, and the discharge of fireworks. The sudden explosion and the
smell of the powder are supposed to be efficacious in frightening away
the demons, and hindering them from seizing on the soul of the defunct,
which never fails to follow the coffin; and as these malevolent spirits
have also the reputation of being extremely covetous and fond of money,
people endeavour to get on their weak side. They let fall, for this
purpose, all along the road, sapecks and bank-notes, that the wind
carries away in all directions; and as the demons in China are by no
means so cunning as the men, they are taken in by this device, and
fall into the trap with charming simplicity, though, the supposed
bank-notes are in fact only bits of white paper. Whilst they are
engaged in pursuing these deceitful appearances of riches, the soul of
the defunct proceeds quietly and comfortably after its coffin without
any danger of its being stopped by the way.


HOLY-WATER SPRINKLER.

To sprinkle the holy water was, in ancient times, the cant phrase for
fetching blood, which will account for the appellation of a certain
class of weapons, as there is no resemblance whatever between them and
the aspergillum used by Roman Catholics. The specimen we have here
sketched is a demi holy-water-sprinkler--to speak in the language of
the time--"with gonnes at the ende." This awkward weapon, prior, in
point of date, to the invention of the matchlock, and, therefore, not
later than the time of Edward IV., was made to hang at the saddle-bow
instead of a mace. The iron cap at the end is furnished with a
spear-like blade, and opens on an hinge, or is held in its place by
a hook. It contains four short barrels, each of which is fired by a
match, and its touch-hole is protected by a sliding piece of wood.

[Illustration: [++] Holy Water Sprinkler.]

In using this weapon the intention was first to fire at the enemy with
the "gonnes at the ende," and then to club him on coming to close
quarters. To effect all this, however, in a satisfactory manner, much
time must have been lost, and many accidents, no doubt, were liable to
happen to the person who used such a weapon as this, which was almost
as dangerous to the man who possessed it, as to the enemy against whom
he directed it. The lid at the top must first have been opened, and
not only so, but must have been kept open all the time the weapon was
used as a gun, and then, previously to closing with the foe, it must
have been necessary to secure it, lest, in brandishing the instrument
as a club, the open lid should strike against the head of the man who
wielded it. No wonder that this dangerous compound of club and gun soon
went out of fashion, and survived its invention only a very few years.


FIRST TEA-DRINKERS PUZZLED.

The first brewers of tea were often sorely perplexed with the
preparation of the new mystery. "Mrs. Hutchinson's great grandmother
was one of a party who sat down to the first pound of tea that ever
came into Penrith. It was sent as a present, and without directions how
to use it. They boiled the whole at once in a bottle, and sat down to
eat the leaves with butter and salt, and they wondered how any person
could like such a diet."


COLUMN AT CUSSI.

[Illustration: [++] Column at Cussi.]

The great object of the erection of pillars of victory was to serve
as vehicles for sculpture; though, as we now see them, or as they are
caricatured at Paris and elsewhere, they are little more than instances
of immense labour bestowed to very little purpose. In the original
use of these pillars, they were placed in small courts surrounded by
open porticos, whence the spectator could at two, or perhaps at three
different levels examine the sculpture at his leisure at a convenient
distance, while the absurdity of a pillar supporting nothing was not
apparent, from its not being seen from the outside. A good specimen of
this class is that at Cussi, near Beaune, in France. It is represented
in the annexed cut. It probably belongs to the time of Aurelian, and
no doubt was first erected within a court; but it is not known either
by whom it was erected, or what victory it was designed to celebrate.
Still that it is a pillar of victory is certain, and its resemblance
to pillars raised with the same object in India is quite striking.
The arrangement of the base, serving as a pedestal for eight statues,
is not only elegant, but appropriate. The ornament which covers the
shaft takes off from the idea of its being a mere pillar, and, at the
same time, is so subdued as not to break the outline or interfere with
constructive propriety. The capital of the Corinthian order is found
in the neighbourhood, used as the mouth of a well. In its original
position it no doubt had a hole through it, which being enlarged
suggested its application to its present comparatively ignoble purpose,
the hole being no doubt intended either to receive or support the
statue or emblem that originally crowned the monument, but of that no
trace now remains.


STYLE OF LIVING AMONG THE NOBILITY OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY.

The ordinary meals were now increased to four a day--breakfast at
seven in the morning, dinner at ten, supper at four in the afternoon,
and "liveries," which were taken in bed, between eight and nine at
night. These latter, as well as the breakfast, were of no light or
unsubstantial character, consisting of good beef and mutton (or salt
fish in Lent), with beer and wine in the morning; and of a loaf or
two, with a few quarts of mulled wine and beer, at nights. At dinner
the huge oaken table, extending the whole length of the great hall,
was profusely covered with joints of fresh and salt meat, followed by
courses of fowl, fish, and curious made-dishes. The Lord took his seat
on the dais or raised floor at the head; his friends and retainers were
ranged above or below the salt, according to their rank. As forks were
not yet in use, the fingers were actively employed, whilst wine and
beer in wooden or pewter goblets were handed round by the attendants.
Over head the favourite hawks stood upon their perches, and below the
hounds reposed upon the pavement.

The dinner generally lasted for three hours, and all pauses were filled
up by the minstrels, jesters, or jugglers, or by the recitation of
some romance of chivalry. At the end of each course they sometimes
introduced a dish called _subtlety_, composed of curious figure in
jellies or confectionery, with a riddling label attached for the
exercise of social wit. The monasteries were especially noted for
their good dinners, and the secular clergy, not to be outdone in their
hospitality invented _glutton-masses_ in honour of the Virgin. These
were held five times a year in the open churches, whither the people
brought food and liquor, and vied with each other in this religious
gormandizing. The general diet of the common people continued, however,
to be coarse and poor, and severe famines not unfrequently occurred.


ORIGIN OF THE TITLE "SFORZA."

James Sforza, the father of Francis the first duke, was the founder of
the house of Sforza, which gave six dukes to Milan, and was allied with
almost every sovereign in Europe during the fifteenth and sixteenth
centuries. He was born in 1369, at Catignuola, near Faenza; his
father, according to tradition, was a day labourer, and to others, a
shoemaker, but probably wrought as both. Perceiving some soldiers pass,
he was struck with the desire of bearing arms. "I will go," said he to
himself, "and dart my hatchet against that tree, and if it stick fast
in the wood I will immediately become a soldier." The hatchet stuck
fast, and because, says the Abbot of Choisi, he threw the axe with all
his force, he assumed the supposed fortunate name of Sforza, as his
real name was Giacomuzzo, or James Attendulo.


MAY-POLE IN THE STRAND.

During the austere reign of the Puritans, when theatres were closed,
and every sort of popular amusement was considered sinful, the
May-poles fell into disrepute, and were pulled down in various parts
of London. Among the rest, the famous May-pole in the Strand came to
the ground. With the restoration of the monarchy, the people saw the
restoration of their ancient sports; and on the very first May-day
after the return of Charles II., the May-pole in the Strand was set
up again, amid great popular rejoicing. The following account of the
ceremony is taken from a rare tract of the times, entitled "The Citie's
Loyaltie displayed. London, 4to., 1641," and quoted in the first volume
of Hone's "Every-Day Book," page 557:--

"Let me declare to you the manner in general," says the loyal author,
"of that stately cedar erected in the Strand, 134 feet high, commonly
called the May-pole, upon the cost of the parishioners there adjacent,
and the gracious consent of His Sacred Majesty, with the illustrious
Prince the Duke of York. This tree was a most choice and remarkable
piece, 'twas made below bridge, and brought in two parts up to Scotland
Yard, near the King's Palace, and from thence it was conveyed, April
14th, to the Strand, to be erected. It was brought with a streamer
flourishing before it, drums beating all the way, and other sort of
music. It was supposed to be so long that landsmen, as carpenters,
could not possibly raise it. Prince James, the Duke of York, Lord High
Admiral of England, therefore commanded twelve seamen to come and
officiate the business; whereupon they came, and brought their cables,
pulleys, and other tackling, with six great anchors. After these were
brought three crowns, borne by three men bareheaded, and a streamer
displaying all the way before them, drums beating, and other music
playing, numerous multitudes of people thronging the streets, with
great shouts and acclamations all day long.

"The May-pole then being joined together, and hooped about with bands
of iron, the crown and vane, with the King's arms, richly gilded, was
placed on the head of it: a large top, like a balcony, was about the
middle of it. This being done, the trumpets did sound, and in four
hours' space it was advanced upright; after which being established
fast in the ground, again great shouts and acclamations did the
people give, that rang throughout all the Strand. After that came a
morris-dance, finely decked with purple scarfs, in their half shirts,
with a tabor and pipe, the ancient music, and danced round about the
May-pole, and after that danced the rounds of their liberty. Upon
the top of this famous standard is likewise set up a royal purple
streamer, about the middle of it are placed four crowns more, with the
King's arms likewise. There is also a garland set upon it, of various
colours, of delicate rich favours, under which are to be placed three
great lanthorns, to remain for three honours, that is, one for Prince
James, Duke of York, Lord High Admiral of England; the other for the
Vice-Admiral; the third for the Rear-Admiral. These are to give light
on dark nights, and to continue so as long as the pole stands, which
will be a perpetual honour for seamen. It is placed as near hand as
they could guess in the very same pit where the former stood, but far
more glorious, higher, and bigger, than ever any one that stood before
it; and the seamen themselves do confess that it could not be built
higher, and there is not such an one in Europe besides, which doth
highly please His Majesty and the illustrious Prince, Duke of York.
Little children did much rejoice, and ancient people did clap their
hands, saying that golden days began to appear. I question not but it
will ring like melodious music throughout every county in England when
they read this story exactly penned. Let this story satisfy for the
glories of London, that other loyal subjects may read what we here do
see."


COSTUME OF A GERMAN NOBLE.

The annexed cut represents the dress of a young noble of the year 1443,
from the extremely interesting genealogical history of the baronial
family of Haller von Halleostein. The figure is that of Franz Haller
von Halleostein, who died unmarried in the above year. He wore an open
jerkin of a greenish colour, and very finely plaited chemisette. The
jerkin has a white silk trimming with a black border throughout, and
is held together by fine white silk ribbons, beneath which appears the
white shirt. The sword-couple and sheath, are black, hilt and mountings
are of the colour of steel. The stockings are vermilion, and on the
right leg is a white and yellow stripe. The shoes are black, turned
with white. The hair is long, and over it is worn a neat cap with
lappets and a golden agraffe and love-knot, to support the hair.

[Illustration: [++] Dress of a Young Noble in 1443.]

At the period of this costume very great attention was bestowed by
the German nobility to their dress. The sums they expended on it
were enormous, and in many instances families were reduced to ruin
by the extravagant decorations of their person. Jewellery, furs,
silks, and laces, all of which were far more expensive and difficult
to be obtained than they are now, were used in reckless profusion,
and one nobleman vied with another in the magnificence, novelty, and
expensiveness of their attire. The illustrated books of that period
abound in sketches of the most beautiful costumes, and are a fund of
interest to those who are curious in such matters.


ABSURDITIES OF THE TOILET.

The ladies of Japan are said to gild their teeth, and those of the
Indies to paint them red, while in Guzerat the test of beauty is to
render them sable. In Greenland, the women used to colour their faces
with blue and yellow. The Chinese must torture their feet into the
smallest possible dimensions--a proof positive of their contracted
understandings. The ancient Peruvians, and some other Indian tribes,
used to flatten their heads: and among other nations, the mothers, in a
similar way, maltreat the noses of their offspring.


AN EGYPTIAN DINNER.

The complicated, and, at first sight, somewhat incomprehensible sketch
which we here lay before our readers, was taken from an interior wall
of a palace in Egypt. It is, of course, by Egyptian artists, and the
subject of it is no other than an Egyptian dinner-table set out and
adorned for a banquet.

[Illustration: [++] Egyptian Dinner-Table.]

At a dinner in ancient Egypt, small and low circular tables were used,
standing on a single pillar, with a dilated base; sometimes one of
these was apportioned to every guest, the viands being brought round
by the servants successively, from a larger pillar-table which had
been brought in readily set out by two men. The accompanying engraving
shows a table thus laid out, requiring, however, a little allowance for
the lack of perspective. Round and oblong cakes of bread flattened and
pricked in patterns, a goose, a leg of a kid or antelope, baskets of
figs and other fruit, are crowned by a huge bunch of the lotus-lily.
Under the table are bottles of wine placed on stands in a series, and
crowned with a lotus-garland, upon which is thrown a long withe of what
seems from the tendrils a vine, loaded with clusters of grapes, as well
as thickly set with foliage.


ELEPHANT-GOD OF BURMAH.

A white elephant is a great rarity, and whenever one is caught, the
Burmese treat it as a god and pay worship to it. Captain Yule thus
describes the white elephant of 1855, and his palace at Amarapoora, the
capital of Burmah:--

"In the area which stretches before the Hall of Audience are several
detached buildings. A little to the north is the "Palace," or state
apartment, of the Lord White Elephant, with his highness's humbler
every-day residence in rear. To the south are sheds for the vulgar
herd of the same species, and brick godowns in which the state
carriages and golden litters (the latter massive and gorgeous in great
variety of design) are stowed away. Temporary buildings, used as
barracks and gunsheds, run along the wall. The present white elephant
has occupied his post for at least fifty years. I have no doubt he
is the same as Padre San-germano mentions as having been caught in
1806, to the great joy of the King, who had just lost the preceding
incumbent, a female, which died after a year's captivity. He is a very
large elephant, close upon ten feet high, with as noble a head and pair
of tusks as I have ever seen. But he is long-bodied and lanky, and not
otherwise well made as an elephant. He is sickly and out of condition,
and is, in fact, distempered during five months of the year, from April
to August. His eye, the iris of which is yellow with a reddish outer
annulus, and a small clear black pupil, has an uneasy glare, and his
keepers evidently mistrust his temper. We were always warned against
going near his head. The annulus round the iris of the eye is pointed
out as resembling a circle of the nine gems. His colour is almost
uniform all over; nearly the ground-tint of the mottled or freckled
part of the trunk and ears of common elephants, perhaps a little
darker. He also has pale freckles in the same parts. On the whole, he
is well entitled to his appellation of white. His royal paraphernalia,
which are set out when visitors are expected, are sufficiently
splendid. Among them was a driving-hook about three feet long, the stem
of which was a mass of small pearls, girt at frequent intervals with
bands of rubies, and the hook and handle of crystal tipped with gold.
His headstall was of fine red cloth, plentifully studded with fine
rubies, and near the extremity having some valuable diamonds. To fit
over the two bumps of the forehead were circles of the nine gems, which
are supposed to be charms against evil influences. When caparisoned he
also wore on the forehead, like other Burmese dignitaries, including
the King himself, a golden plate inscribed with his titles, and a
gold crescent set with circles of large gems between the eyes. Large
silver tassels hung in front of his ears, and he was harnessed with
bands of gold and crimson set with large bosses of pure gold. He is a
regular "estate of the realm," having a woon or minister of his own,
four gold umbrellas, the white umbrellas which are peculiar to royalty,
with a suite of attendants said to be thirty in number. The Burmese
who attended us removed their shoes before entering his 'Palace.' The
elephant has an appanage or territory assigned to him 'to eat,' like
any other dignitary of the empire. I do not know where his estate is at
present, but in Burney's time it was the rich cotton district of Taroup
Myo."


SUPERSTITION IN 1856.

In April, 1856, a poor woman, residing in a village about three miles
from Pershore, acting upon the advice of her neighbours, brought her
child, who was suffering from whooping cough, to that town, for the
purpose of finding out a married couple answering to the names of
Joseph and Mary, and soliciting their interference on behalf of her
afflicted child, as she had been informed that if two married persons
having those names could but be induced to lay their hands on her
child's head, the whooping cough would be immediately cured. After
scouring the town for a considerable time in search of "Joseph and
his fair lady," they were at length discovered in the persons of a
respectable tradesman and his wife residing in Bridge Street, to whom
the poor silly woman made known her foolish request, which at first
excited a smile from the good woman of the house, but was quickly
followed, not by "the laying on of hands," but by good advice, such as
mothers only know how to give in these matters. The poor mother then
thankfully departed a wiser woman.


PRAYING BY WHEEL AND AXLE.

The Japanese, like the inhabitants of Thibet, are not content with
devout prayers, pilgrimages, prostrations, offerings to the gods
in order to secure blessings here and hereafter; they also pray by
machine, by _wheel and axle_. There is a square post, nearly eight feet
in length, and near the centre, at a convenient height to be reached
by the hand, is fixed vertically a wheel, which moves readily on an
axle passed through the post. Two small rings are strung upon each of
three spokes of the wheel. Every person who twists this instrument in
passing is supposed to obtain credit in heaven for one or more prayers
inscribed on the post, the number being graduated according to the
vigour of the performer's devotion, and the number of revolutions
effected. The jingle of the small iron rings is believed to secure
the attention of the deity to the invocation of the devout, and the
greater the noise, the more certain of its being listened to. Some of
the inscriptions on this post are worth remembering:--"The great round
mirror of knowledge says, 'wise men and fools are embarked in the same
boat;' whether prospered or afflicted, both are rowing over the deep
lake; the gay sails lightly hang to catch the autumnal breeze; then
away they straight enter the lustrous clouds, and become partakers of
heaven's knowledge."

"He whose prescience detects knowledge says:--'As the floating grass is
blown by the gentle breeze, or the glancing ripples of autumn disappear
when the sun goes down, or as the ship returns home to her old shore,
so is life: it is a smoke, a morning tide.'"

"Others are more to the point--as to the machine--'Buddha himself
earnestly desires to hear the name of this person (who is buried), and
wishes he may go to life.'"


NOVEL WAY OF DESIGNATING A HOUSE.

In the "New View of London," published in 1708, it is mentioned as a
remarkable circumstance attaching to the history of Prescott Street,
near the Strand, that instead of signs, the houses were distinguished
by numbers, as the stair-cases in the Inns of Court, and Chancery. The
following advertisement, taken from newspapers a century and a half
old, is interesting at this distance of time, as it shows the shifts
to which advertisers were reduced, to point out their houses to their
customers:--

"Doctor James Tilborgh, a German doctor, states that he liveth at
present over against the New Exchange, in Bedford Street, at the sign
of the 'Peacock,' where you shall see at night two candles burning
within one of the chambers before the balcony; and a lanthorn with a
candle in it upon the balcony: where he may be spoke with all alone,
from 8 in the morning till 10 at night."


DYAK WAR-BOAT IN BORNEO.

The Malay war-boat, or _prahu_, is built of timber at the lower part;
the upper is of bamboo, rattan, and kedgang (the dried leaf of the Nepa
palm). Outside the bends, about a foot from the water line, runs a
strong gallery, in which the rowers sit cross-legged. At the after-part
of the boat is a cabin for the chief who commands, and the whole of
the vessel is surmounted by a strong flat roof, upon which they fight,
their principal weapons being the kris and spear, both of which, to be
used with effect, require elbow-room.

[Illustration: [++] Dyak War-Boat.]

The Dyak war-boat, as represented in the annexed sketch, is a
long-built canoe, more substantially constructed than the prahu of the
Malays, and sufficiently capacious to hold from seventy to eighty men.
This also has a roof to fight from. They are generally painted, and the
stern ornamented with feathers.

Both descriptions of war-boats are remarkably swift, notwithstanding
such apparent top-weight.


WAR-DANCE OF THE DYAKS OF BORNEO.

Almost every savage nation has its peculiar war-dance, and the
different steps, movements, and cries, in each depict different stages
in the supposed fight. An account of the various kinds of dances
would form an interesting work, and as a contribution to it we here
call attention to the following description of a war-dance which was
practised for the entertainment of the officers of the Semarang, on
the occasion of their visiting a Dyak Chief. It is taken from Captain
Marryat's "Borneo:"--

[Illustration: [++] Dyak War-Dance.]

"A space was cleared in the centre, and two of the oldest warriors
stepped into it. They were dressed in turbans, long loose jackets,
sashes round their waists descending to their feet, and small bells
were attached to their ankles. They commenced by first shaking hands
with the rajah, and then with all the Europeans present, thereby giving
us to understand, as was explained to us, that the dance was to be
considered only as a spectacle, and not to be taken in its literal
sense, as preparatory to an attack upon us, a view of the case in which
we fully coincided with them.

"This ceremony being over, they rushed into the centre, and gave a
most unearthly scream; then poising themselves on one foot, they
described a circle with the other, at the same time extending their
arms like the wings of a bird, and then meeting their hands, clapping
them and keeping time with the music. After a little while the music
became louder, and suddenly our ears were pierced with the whole of
the natives present joining in the hideous war-cry. Then the motions
and screams of the dancers became more violent, and every thing was
worked up to a state of excitement, by which even we were influenced.
Suddenly, a very unpleasant odour pervaded the room, already too
warm, from the numbers it contained. Involuntarily we held our noses,
wondering what might be the cause, when we perceived that one of the
warriors had stepped into the centre, and suspended round the shoulders
of each dancer a human head in a wide-meshed basket of rattan. These
heads had been taken in the late Sakarron business, and were therefore
but a fortnight old. They were encased in a wide network of rattan, and
were ornamented with beads. Their stench was intolerable, although,
as we discovered upon after examination, when they were suspended
against the wall, they had been partially baked and were quite black.
The teeth and hair were quite perfect, the features somewhat shrunk,
and they were altogether very fair specimens of pickled heads; but our
worthy friends required a lesson from the New Zealanders in the art of
preserving. The appearance of the heads was the signal for the music
to play louder, for the war-cry of the natives to be more energetic,
and for the screams of the dancers to be more piercing. Their motions
now became more rapid, and the excitement in proportion. Their eyes
glistened with unwonted brightness. The perspiration dropped down
their faces, and thus did yelling, dancing, gongs, and tom-toms become
more rapid and more violent every minute, till the dancing warriors
were ready to drop. A farewell yell, with emphasis, was given by
the surrounding warriors; immediately the music ceased, the dancers
disappeared, and the tumultuous excitement and noise was succeeded by
a dead silence. Such was the excitement communicated, that when it was
all over we ourselves for some time remained panting to recover our
breath. Again we lighted our cheroots, and smoked for a while the pipe
of peace."


WONDERFUL FISH.

The Greek Church of Baloukli contains an extraordinary instance of the
credulity of superstition. Some wonderful fish are there preserved,
which are thus described by Mr. Curzon in his admirable book on the
"Monasteries of the Levant:"--

"The unfortunate Emperor Constantine Paleologus rode out of the city
alone to reconnoitre the outposts of the Turkish army, which was
encamped in the immediate vicinity. In passing through a wood he found
an old man seated by the side of a spring, cooking some fish on a
gridiron for his dinner; the emperor dismounted from his white horse,
and entered into conversation with the other; the old man looked up at
the stranger in silence, when the emperor inquired whether he had heard
anything of the movement of the Turkish forces: 'Yes,' said he, 'they
have this moment entered the city of Constantinople.' 'I would believe
what you say,' replied the emperor, 'if the fish which you are broiling
would jump off the gridiron into the spring.' This, to his amazement,
the fish immediately did, and, on his turning round, the figure of the
old man had disappeared. The emperor mounted his horse and rode towards
the gate of Silivria, where he was encountered by a band of the enemy,
and slain, after a brave resistance, by the hand of an Arab or a Negro.

"The broiled fishes still swim about in the water of the spring, the
sides of which have been lined with white marble, in which are certain
recesses in which they can retire when they do not wish to receive
company. The only way of turning the attention of these holy fish to
the respectful presence of their adorers is accomplished by throwing
something glittering into the water, such as a handful of gold or
silver coin: gold is the best; copper produces no effect; he that sees
one fish is lucky, he that sees two or three goes home a happy man;
but the custom of throwing coins into the spring has become, from its
constant practice, very troublesome to the good monks, who kindly
depute one of their community to rake out the money six or seven times
a day with a scraper at the end of a long pole. The emperor of Russia
has sent presents to the shrine of Baloukli, so called from the Turkish
word Balouk, a fish. Some wicked heretics have said that these fishes
are common perch: either they or the monks must be mistaken; but of
whatever kind they are, they are looked upon with reverence by the
Greeks, and have been continually held in the highest honour from the
time of the siege of Constantinople to the present day."


CURIOUS MARRIAGE CUSTOM.

At Petzé, in the department of Finisterre, in France, the following
singular marriage custom still prevails:--"On an appointed day, the
_paysannes_, or female pretenders to the holy state of matrimony,
assemble on the bridge of the village, and, seating themselves upon the
parapet, there patiently await the arrival of the intended bridegrooms.
All the neighbouring cantons contribute their belles to ornament this
renowned bridge. There may be seen the peasant of _Saint Poliare_, her
ruddy countenance surrounded by her large muslin sleeves, which rise
up and form a kind of framework to her full face; by her may be seated
the heavy _Touloisienne_, in her cloth _caline_, or gown; the peasant
of _la Léonarde_, in a Swiss boddice, bordered with different coloured
worsted braid, and a scarlet petticoat, may next appear, presenting
a gaudy contrast to her neighbour from _Saint Thegonnec_, in her
nun-like costume. On one side extends _la coulie de Penhoat_, bordered
with willows, honeysuckles, and the wild hop; on the other, the sea,
confined here like a lake, between numerous jets of land covered with
heath and sweet broom; and below the bridge, the thatched town, poor
and joyous as the beggar of _Carnouailles_. The bay is here so calm,
that the whole of this gay scene is reflected in its still waters; and
a few scenes of rural festivity present a more animated or diverting
picture.

"The arrival of the young men, with their parents, is the signal for
silence among the candidates for a husband. The gentlemen advance, and
gravely parade up and down the bridge, looking first on this side,
and then on that, until the face of some one of the lasses strike
their fancy. The fortunate lady receives intimation of her success
by the advance of the cavalier, who, presenting his hand, assists
her in descending from her seat, making at the same time a tender
speech; compliments are exchanged, the young man offers fruit to his
intended bride, who remains motionless before him, playing with her
apron strings. In the mean while the parents of the parties approach
each other, talk over the matter of their children's marriage, and if
both parties are agreeable they shake hands, and this act of friendly
gratulation is considered a ratification of the treaty between them,
and the marriage is shortly afterwards celebrated."


FOREIGN COSTUME IN 1492.

[Illustration: [++] Count Eberhard the Elder.]

The nobleman portrayed here is Count Eberhard the elder, first Duke
of Wurtemberg, in a festival habit at Stuttgardt, in the year 1492,
on the occasion of his receiving the order of the Golden Fleece, the
first which Austria instituted for herself (King Maximilian inherited
it from Burgundy) and which he received together with King Henry VIII.
of England. His costume is taken from an old illumination which, in
the year 1847, was copied for King William of Wurtemberg, and which is
now preserved in his private library at Stuttgardt. This exemplifies
the quilled doublet, made of a kind of damasked black velvet, which
appears to have been worn over the defensive armour improved by King
Maximilian. Upon the black surcoat appear the orders of the Golden
Fleece and the Holy Sepulchre. According to contemporary statues and
monuments, Georg von Ekingen and Heinrich von Wællwerth, officers of
the court of Eberhard, wore this kind of doublet. The former, according
to a portrait, of a red colour; the latter authority is in the
Wællwerth Chapel, in the cloister of Lorch near Schw. Gmuend.


PETER THE GREAT AT ZAANDAM.

We learn from authentic records that Peter the Great, Czar of Russia,
entered himself, in the year 1697, on the list of ship's carpenters at
the Admiralty Office of Amsterdam, in Holland. This is true; but before
Peter so enrolled himself, he had made an attempt to fix his abode, for
the purpose of study, at Saardam, or Zaandam, a little town situated
on the river Zaan, about half an hour's voyage, by steam, from the
populous and wealthy city of Amsterdam.

Zaandam, though then, as now, one of the most primitive, original
little towns in Europe, had for some time held important commercial
intercourse with Russia; and Peter had long seen the advantage to be
derived from studying at its head-quarters the art which he felt sure
would elevate his country in an extraordinary way. He therefore opened
a private correspondence with some trusty friends in Holland, and set
forth, with his hand of intelligent companions, early in the summer of
1697; in the autumn of the same year he disembarked at Zaandam, and,
alone and unattended, sought an humble lodging from a man of the name
of Gerrit Kist, who had formerly been a blacksmith in Russia, and who,
as may well be imagined, was astonished at the "imperial apparition;"
indeed he could not believe that Peter really wished to hire so humble
an abode. But the Czar persevered, and obtained permission to occupy
the back part of Kist's premises, consisting of a room and a little
shed adjoining, Kist being bound to secresy as to the rank of his
lodger: Peter's rent amounted to seven florins (about eleven shillings)
a week.

[Illustration: [++] The Maisonnette of Peter the Great.]

The _maisonnette_, or hut, of Peter the Great now stands alone, and has
been encased in a strong wooden frame in order to preserve it. It is in
much the same state as when occupied by the Czar. The chief apartment
is entered by the door you see open, the projecting roof covers the
room probably occupied by Peter's servant, and on the left of the
larger room is the recess or cupboard in which Peter slept. Formerly
the rear of this abode was crowded with inferior buildings; it is now
an airy space, with trees waving over the wooden tenement, and a garden
full of sweet-scented flowers embalms the atmosphere around it. A civil
old Dutchwoman is the guardian of the property, which is kept up with
some taste, and exquisite attention to cleanliness.

The _maisonnette_ has but one door. In Zaandam the old Dutch custom of
closing one entrance to the house, except on state occasions, is still
kept up; the purpose of the other, the _porte mortuaire_, or _mortuary
portal_, is sufficiently explained by its name.

After Peter's departure, his dwelling passed from hand to hand, and
would have fallen into oblivion had not Paul the First of Russia
accompanied Joseph the Second of Austria and the King of Sweden to
Zaandam, on purpose to visit the Czar's old abode. After this it became
a sort of fashion to make pilgrimages to the once imperial residence;
and it acquired a still greater celebrity when the Emperor Alexander
visited it in 1814, and made a great stir in the waters of the Zaan
with a fleet of three hundred yachts and innumerable barges, gaily
decked with flying pennons. In 1818, William the First of Holland
purchased the property, and gave it to his daughter-in-law, the
Princess of Orange and a royal Russian by birth: it is to her care the
building owes its present state of preservation. Her royal highness
appointed a Waterloo invalid as first guardian of the place.

Bonaparte brought Josephine here in 1812. Poor Josephine had no idea of
old associations; she jumped from the sublime to the ridiculous at once
on entering the "mean habitation," and startled the then proprietor by
a burst of untimely laughter.

Many royal and illustrious names may be read on the walls of the
principal chamber, and in the book in which the traveller is
requested to write his name. Verses and pictures challenge, somewhat
impertinently, the attention of the wayfarer; but as we sat down in
the triangular arm-chairs, and turned from the dark recess in which
Peter slept, to the ingle-nook of the deep chimney, and from the ingle
to the dark recess again, we could realize nothing but Peter in his
working dress of the labours of the day. There he was in the heat of an
autumnal evening still at work, with books and slates, and instruments
connected with navigation, before him on the rude deal table, and he
plodding on, as diligently as a common mechanic, in pursuit of that
knowledge by which nations are made great.


SUPPLY OF WATER FOR LONDON IN OLDEN TIMES.

In 1682 the private houses of the metropolis were only supplied with
fresh water twice a-week. Mr. Cunningham, in his "Handbook of London,"
informs us that the old sources of supply were the Wells, or Fleet
River, Wallbrook and Langbourne Waters, Clement's, Clerk's, and Holy
Well, Tyburn, and the River Lea. Tyburn first supplied the city in the
year 1285, the Thames not being pressed into the service of the city
conduits till 1568, when it supplied the conduit at Dowgate. There were
people who stole water from the pipes then, as there are who steal gas
now. "This yere" (1479), writes an old chronicler of London, quoted
by Mr. Cunningham, "a wax charndler in Flete-stre had bi craft perced
a pipe of the condite withynne the ground, and so conveied the water
into his celar; wherefore he was judged to ride through the citee with
a condite upon his hedde." The first engine which conveyed water into
private houses, by leaden pipes, was erected at London-bridge in 1582.
The pipes were laid over the steeple of St. Magnus; and the engineer
was Maurice, a Dutchman. Bulmer, an Englishman, erected a second engine
at Broken Wharf. Previous to 1656, the Strand and Covent Garden, though
so near to the river, were only supplied by water-tankards, which were
carried by those who sold the water, or by the apprentice, if there
were one in the house, whose duty it was to fill the house-tankard at
the conduit, or in the river. In the middle of the seventeenth century,
Ford erected water-works on the Thames, in front of Somerset House; but
the Queen of Charles II.--like the Princess Borghese, who pulled down
a church next to her palace, because the incense turned her sick, and
organ made her head ache--ordered the works to be demolished, because
they obstructed a clear view on the river. The inhabitants of the
district depended upon their tankards and water-carriers, until the
reign of William III., when the York-buildings Waterworks were erected.
The frequently-occurring name of Conduit-street, or Conduit-court,
indicates the whereabout of many of the old sources whence our
forefathers drew their scanty supplies.


DRINKING BOUTS IN PERSIA.

In their drinking parties the Persians are reported, among even the
highest classes, to exceed all bounds of discretion. Half a dozen
boon companions meet at night. The floor is covered with a variety
of stimulating dishes to provoke drinking, for which no provocation
whatever is required; among these are pickles of every possible
variety, and salted prawns or cray-fish from the Persian Gulf--a
food which ought to be an abomination to a true Sheeah. Singers and
dancing-boys enliven the scene. A Persian despises a wine-glass; a
tumbler is his measure. He has an aversion to "heeltaps," and he
drains his glass to the dregs, with his left hand under his chin to
catch the drops of wine, lest he should be detected next morning
in respectable society by the marks on his dress. They begin with
pleasant conversation, scandal, and gossip; then they become personal,
quarrelsome, abusive, and indecent, after the unimaginable Persian
fashion. As the orgies advance, as the mirth waxes fast and furious,
all restraint is thrown aside. They strip themselves stark naked,
dance, and play all sorts of antics and childish tricks. One dips his
head and face into a bowl of curds, and dances a solo to the admiring
topers; while another places a large deeg, or cooking-pot, on his head,
and display his graces and attitudes on the light fantastic toe, or
rather heel.


GERMAN COSTUMES OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

The costume-sketch which we give on next page, is taken from an
original drawing, having the following superscription:--

  "Varium et mutabile semper foemina
  Faec suo quem amat scripsit.
    Georgius Wolfgang Von Kaltenthal. 1579."

[Illustration: [++] German Costumes of the Sixteenth Century.]

The group represents the above-named young knight, with his youthful
wife, taking a ride. She wears a blue silken dress, with a boddice of
gold brocade, trimmed with fur, and a rose-coloured silk scarf; the
head-dress is quite plain, the hair being fastened with a golden dagger
set in jewels. The knight's dress consists of a light green doublet,
with dark green stripes; slashed hose, edged with white; yellowish
leather surcoat without sleeves, riding boots of untanned leather,
and grey felt hat with red and white plume, dagger, and sword. The
accoutrements of the horse are simply black, with some metal ornaments.
The young lady is the beautiful Leonora Caimingen, who was at that time
a great favourite of the Court at Wurtemberg. In travelling thus (which
was at that time the only mode), females of the higher rank only were
accustomed to make use of masks, or veils, for the preservation of
their complexions, that custom being generally unusual. The ancestral
castle of the knights of Kaltenthal was situated between Stuttgardt and
Boeblingen, on the summit of a rock overhanging the valley of Hesslach.
It exists no longer.


ANCIENT TRIPOD.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Tripod.]

Tripods are, next to vases, the most ancient furniture in the world;
the imagination of the ancients invested them with fanciful forms,
and we meet with designs which, although very simple, show already
the power exercised by the re-productive faculties of the mind upon
the objects surrounding these ancient nations. Representations of
the kind were, however, exceedingly rare till the last forty years,
and it must be considered an especial piece of good fortune that the
excavations made in several parts of Etruria, have afforded more than
one example of this description. The specimen engraved was found in
the Gailassi Regulini tomb of Cervetri, in Etruria, and in it we see a
large vessel placed on the tripod, from the edge of which five lions'
heads start forth with hideous expression. These monsters lend to
the whole that fanciful aspect distinguishing objects of the archaic
period. When we imagine to ourselves this kettle boiling, and these
cruel animals wreathed and enveloped in smoke, we can understand how
the fancy of superstitious worshippers, who were wont to make use of
these implements in their religious ceremonies, may have found in
them an allusion to the spirits of the victims whose remains were
exposed to the destructive fire glowing underneath. To us, at least,
this representation may illustrate the terrific but grand passage of
Homer, where the bodies of the slaughtered sun bulls become once more
instinct with life, demanding vengeance with fearful cries: Odyssey,
Book xii, verse 395.

    "The skins began to creep, and the flesh around the spits bellowed,
     The roasted as well as the raw. And thus grew the voice of
       the oxen."

The careful construction of the three-legged mechanism which lends
a firm support to this fire-stand, has been restored according to
the indication of some fragments found on the spot. It presents a
graceful aspect, and forms, in some respects, a remarkable contrast
to the heavy character of the vessel occupying so lofty a position,
as the proportions of the legs are exceedingly slender, and the feet
themselves, instead of being broad and shapeless, are all composed of a
great many fine articulations.


FONDNESS OF THE ROMANS FOR PEARLS.

Of all the articles of luxury and ostentation known to the Romans,
pearls seem to have been the most esteemed. They were worn on all parts
of the dress, and such was the diversity of their size, purity, and
value, that they were found to suit all classes, from those of moderate
to those of the most colossal fortune. The famous pearl ear-rings of
Cleopatra are said to have been worth about £160,000, and Julius Cæsar
is said to have presented Servilia, the mother of Brutus, with a pearl
for which he had paid above £48,000; and though no reasonable doubt
can be ascertained in regard to the extreme exaggeration of these
and similar statements, the fact that the largest and finest pearls
brought immense prices is beyond all question. It has been said that
the wish to become master of the pearls with which it was supposed to
abound, was one of the motives which induced Julius Cæsar to invade
Britain. But, though a good many were met with in various parts of the
country, they were of little or no value, being small and ill-coloured.
After pearls and diamonds, the emerald held the highest place in the
estimation of the Romans.


THE BLACK STONE AT MECCA.

Near the entrance of the Kaaba at Mecca, at the north-eastern corner,
is the famous Black Stone, called by the Moslems _Hajra el Assouad_,
or Heavenly Stone. It forms a part of the sharp angle of the building,
and is inserted four or five feet above the ground. The shape is an
irregular oval, about seven inches in diameter. Its colour is now a
deep reddish brown, approaching to black; and it is surrounded by a
border of nearly the same colour, resembling a cement of pitch and
gravel, and from two to three inches in breadth. Both the border
and the stone itself are encircled by a silver band, swelling to a
considerable breadth below, where it is studded with nails of the same
metal. The surface is undulated, and seems composed of about a dozen
smaller stones, of different sizes and shapes, but perfectly smooth,
and well joined with a small quantity of cement. It looks as if the
whole had been dashed into many pieces by a severe concussion, and then
re-united--an appearance that may perhaps be explained by the various
disasters to which it has been exposed. During the fire that occurred
in the time of Yezzid I. (A.D. 682), the violent heat split it into
three pieces; and when the fragments were replaced, it was necessary
to surround them with a rim of silver, which is said to have been
renewed by Haroun el Raschid. It was in two pieces when the Karmathians
carried it away, having been broken by a blow from a soldier during the
plunder of Mecca. Hakem, a mad sultan of Egypt, in the 11th century,
endeavoured, while on the pilgrimage, to destroy it with an iron club
which he had concealed under his clothes; but was prevented and slain
by the populace. Since that accident it remained unmolested until 1674,
when it was found one morning besmeared with dirt, so that every one
who kissed it returned with a sullied face. Though suspicion fell on
certain Persians, the authors of this sacrilegious joke were never
discovered. As for the quality of the stone, it does not seem to be
accurately determined. Burckhardt says it appeared to him like a
lava, containing several small extraneous particles of a whitish and
yellowish substance. Ali Bey calls it a fragment of volcanic basalt,
sprinkled with small-pointed coloured crystals, and varied with
red feldspar upon a dark black ground like coal, except one of its
protuberances, which is a little reddish. The millions of kisses and
touches impressed by the faithful have worn the surface uneven, and to
a considerable depth. This miraculous block all orthodox Mussulmans
believe to have been originally a transparent hyacinth, brought from
heaven to Abraham by the angel Gabriel; but its substance, as well
as its colour, have long been changed by coming in contact with the
impurities of the human race.


PARAGRAPH FROM THE "POSTMAN" IN 1697.

"Yesterday being the day of thanksgiving appointed by the
States-General for the peace, His Excellency, the Dutch ambassador,
made a very noble bonfire before his house in St. James's Square,
consisting of about 140 pitch barrels placed perpendicularly on seven
scaffolds, during which the trumpets sounded, and two hogsheads of wine
were kept continually running amongst the common people."


LORD MAYOR'S FEAST IN 1663.

Pepys gives a curious account of a Lord Mayor's dinner in 1663. It was
served in the Guildhall, at one o'clock in the day. A bill of fare
was placed with every salt-cellar, and at the end of each table was a
list of the persons proper there to be seated. Here is a mixture of
abundance and barbarism. "Many were the tables, but none in the hall,
but the Mayor's and the Lords' of the Privy Council, _that had napkins
or knives_, which was very strange. I sat at the merchant-stranger's
table, where ten good dishes to a mess, with plenty of wine of all
sorts; but it was very unpleasing that we had no napkins, nor change
of trenchers, and drank out of earthen pitchers and wooden dishes. The
dinner, it seems, is made by the Mayor and two Sheriffs for the time
being, and the whole is reckoned to come to £700 or £800 at most."
Pepys took his spoon and fork with him, as was the custom of those days
with guests invited to great entertainments. "Forks" came in with Tom
Coryat, in the reign of James I.; but they were not "familiar" till
after the Restoration. The "laying of napkins," as it was called, was
a profession of itself. Pepys mentions, the _day before_ one of his
dinner-parties, that he went home, and "there found one laying of my
napkins against to-morrow, in figures of all sorts, which is mighty
pretty, and, it seems, is his trade, and he gets much money by it."


THE CUPID OF THE HINDOOS.

Among the Hindoo deities _Camdeo_, or Manmadin differs but little from
the Cupid of the ancients. He is also called _Ununga_, or, without
body; and is the son of Vishnu and Lacshmi. Besides his bow and
arrows, he carries a banner, on which is delineated a fish: his bow
is a sugar-cane; the cord is formed of bees; the arrows are of all
sorts of flowers; one only is headed, but the point is covered with
a honeycomb--an allegory equally just and ingenious, and which so
correctly expresses the pleasures and the pangs produced at one and the
same time by the wounds of love. Manmadin is represented, as in the
annexed plate, riding on a parrot.

[Illustration: [++] Manmadin Riding on a Parrot.]

One day, when Vishnu, to deceive Sheeva, had assumed the figure of a
beautiful young female, Manmadin discharged an arrow, which pierced
the heart of the formidable deity, and inflamed it with love of the
nymph. The latter fled, and at the moment when Sheeva had overtaken
her, Vishnu resumed his proper form. Sheeva, enraged at the trick
played upon him, with one flash of his eyes burned and consumed the
imprudent Manmadin, who hence received the name of _Ununga_. He was
restored to life by a shower of nectar, which the gods in pity poured
upon him: but he remained without body and is the only Indian deity who
is accounted incorporeal. Camdeo is particularly worshipped by females
desirous of obtaining faithful lovers and good husbands.


OLD DIAL AND FOUNTAIN IN LEADENHALL-STREET.

[Illustration: [++] Old Dial and Fountain.]

The above sketch is taken from an old work on astronomy and geography
by Joseph Moxon, and printed by him, and sold "at his Shop on
_Cornhill_, at the signe of _Atlas_, 1659." We cannot do better than
give Moxon's own words with reference to the dial:--"To make a dyal
upon a solid ball or globe, that shall show the hour of the day without
a gnomon. The equinoctial of this globe, or (which is all one) the
middle line must be divided into 24 equal parts, and marked with 1,
2, 3, 4, &c., and then beginning again with 1, 2, 3, &c. to 12. Then
if you elevate one of the poles so many degrees above an horizontal
line as the pole of the world is elevated above the horizon in your
habitation, and place one of the twelves directly to behold the north,
and the other to behold the south, when the sun shines on it, the globe
will be divided into two halfs, the one enlightened with the sunshine,
and the other shadowed; and where the enlightened half is parted from
the shadowed half, there you will find in the equinoctial the hour of
the day, and that on two places on the ball, because the equinoctial
is cut in two opposite points by the light of the sun. A dyal of this
sort was made by Mr. John Leak and set up on a composite columne at
Leadenhall Corner, in London, in the majoralty of Sir John Dethick,
knight. The figure whereof I have inserted because it is a pretty peece
of ingenuity, and may, perhaps, stand some lover of the art in stead
either for imitation or help of invention."


MAGNIFICENCE OF MADYN, THE CAPITAL OF PERSIA, WHEN INVADED BY THE
SARACENS, A.D. 626.

The invaders could not express their mingled sensations of surprise
and delight, while surveying in this splendid capital the miracles
of architecture and art, the gilded palaces, the strong and stately
porticoes, the abundance of victuals in the most exquisite variety and
profusion, which feasted their senses, and courted their observation
on every side. Every street added to their astonishment, every chamber
revealed a new treasure; and the greedy spoilers were enriched beyond
the measure of their hopes or their knowledge. To a people emerging
from barbarism, the various wonders which rose before them in all
directions, like the effect of magic, must have been a striking
spectacle. We may therefore believe them when they affirm, what is
not improbable, that the different articles of merchandise--the
rich and beautiful pieces of manufacture which fell a prey on this
occasion--were in such incalculable abundance, that the thirtieth part
of their estimate was more than the imagination could embrace. The gold
and silver, the various wardrobes and precious furniture, surpassed,
says Abul-feda, the calculation of fancy or numbers; and the historian
Elmacin ventured to compute these untold and almost infinite stores at
the value of 3,000,000,000 pieces of gold.

One article in this prodigious booty, before which all others seemed
to recede in comparison, was the superb and celebrated carpet of
silk and gold cloth, sixty cubits in length, and as many in breadth,
which decorated one of the apartments of the palace. It was wrought
into a paradise or garden, with jewels of the most curious and costly
species; the ruby, the emerald, the sapphire, the beryl, topaz, and
pearl, being arranged with such consummate skill, as to represent, in
beautiful mosaic, trees, fruits, and flowers, rivulets and fountains;
roses and shrubs of every description seemed to combine their fragrance
and their foliage to charm the sense of the beholders. This piece of
exquisite luxury and illusion, to which the Persians gave the name
of _Baharistan_ or the mansion of perpetual spring, was an invention
employed by their monarchs as an artificial substitute for that
loveliest of seasons. During the gloom of winter they were accustomed
to regale the nobles of their court on this magnificent embroidery,
where art had supplied the absence of nature, and wherein the guests
might trace a brilliant imitation of her faded beauties in the
variegated colours of the jewelled and pictured floor. In the hope that
the eyes of the Caliph might he delighted with this superb display of
wealth and workmanship, Saad persuaded the soldiers to relinquish their
claims. It was therefore added to the fifth of the spoil, which was
conveyed to Medina on the backs of camels. But Omar, with that rigid
impartiality from which he never deviated, ordered the gaudy trophy to
be cut up into small pieces, and distributed among the chief members
of the Mohammedan commonwealth. Such was the intrinsic value of the
materials, that the share of Ali alone, not larger than the palm of
a man's hand, was afterwards sold for 20,000 drachms (£458 6s. 8d.),
or, according to others, for as many dinars (£9,250). Out of this vast
store the Caliph granted pensions to every member of his court in
regular gradation, from the individuals of the Prophet's family to the
lowest of his companions, varying from £275 to £4 11s. per annum.

The military part of the booty was divided into 60,000 shares, and
every horseman had 12,000 dinars (£5,550); hence, if the army consisted
of 60,000 cavalry, their united shares would amount to the incredible
sum of £333,000,000 sterling.


COURTSHIP OF WILLIAM THE CONQUEROR.

The following extract from the life of the wife of the Conqueror,
is exceedingly curious, as characteristic of the manners of a
semi-civilized age and nation:--"After some years' delay, William
appears to have become desperate; and, if we may trust to the evidence
of the 'Chronicle of Ingerbe,' in the year 1047 way-laid Matilda in
the streets of Bruges, as she was returning from mass, seized her,
rolled her in the dirt, spoiled her rich array, and, not content with
these outrages, struck her repeatedly, and rode off at full speed.
This Teutonic method of courtship, according to our author, brought
the affair to a crisis; for Matilda, either convinced of the strength
of William's passion, by the violence of his behaviour, or afraid of
encountering a second beating, consented to become his wife. How he
ever presumed to enter her presence again, after such a series of
enormities, the chronicler sayeth not, and we are at a loss to imagine."


BRAMA, THE HINDOO DEITY.

_Brama_, _Birmah_, or _Brouma_, is one of the three persons of the
Indian Trinity, or rather the Supreme Being under the attribute of
_Creator_. Brama, the progenitor of all rational beings, sprung from a
golden egg, sparkling like a thousand suns, which was hatched by the
motion imparted to the waters by the Supreme Being. Brama separated
the heavens from the earth, and placed amid the subtle ether the eight
points of the universe and the receptacle of the waters. He had five
heads before Vairevert, one of Sheeva's sons, cut off one of them.
He is delineated floating on a leaf of the lotus, a plant revered in
India. The Bramins relate, that the fifteen worlds which compose the
universe were each produced by a part of Brama's body. At the moment
of our birth he imprints in our heads, in characters which cannot be
effaced, all that we shall do, and all that is to happen to us in life.
It is not in our power, nor in that of Brama himself, to prevent what
is written from being fulfilled.

[Illustration: [++] Brama.]

Brama, according to the vulgar mythology, takes but little notice of
human affairs. Identified with the sun, he is adored by the Bramins
in the _gayatri_, the most sacred passage of the _vedas_ (or sacred
books), which is itself ranked among the gods, and to which offerings
are made. One of the most important attributes of Brama is that of
father of legislators; for it was his ten sons who diffused laws and
the sciences over the world. He is considered as the original author of
the _vedas_, which are said to have issued from his four mouths; though
it was not till a later period, that is, about fourteen hundred years
before Christ, that they were collected and arranged by Vyasa, the
philosopher and poet. The laws which bear the name of Menu, the son of
Brama, and the works of the other _richeys_, or holy persons, were also
re-copied, or perhaps collected from tradition, long after the period
when they are said to have been published by the sons of Brama.

Brama, the father of the legislators of India, has a considerable
resemblance to the Jupiter of the Greek poets, the father of Minos,
whose celebrated laws were published in the very same century that
Vyasa collected the _vedas_. Jupiter was worshipped as the sun, by
the name of _Anxur_ or _Axur_, and Brama is identified with that
luminary. The most common form in which Brama is represented, is that
of a man with four heads and four hands; and it is remarkable that the
Lacedæmonians gave four heads to their Jupiter. Lastly, the title of
Father of Gods and Men is equally applicable to Brama and to Jupiter.

Brama is delineated, as in the engraving, holding in one hand a ring,
the emblem of immortality; in another, fire, to represent force; and
with the other two writing on _olles_, or palm-leaves, the emblem of
legislative power.


JAMES II. AND THE CHURCH OF DONORE.

[Illustration: [++] Church of Donore.]

The annexed engraving represents a celebrated locality. It is the ruin
of the little church on the hill at Donore, in the county of Meath,
the spot where James II. was stationed when he beheld the overthrow
of his army and the ruin of his cause at the battle of the Boyne,
Tuesday, July 1st, 1690. The Boyne is a very beautiful and picturesque
river; it winds through the fertile valleys of Meath, and from its
richly-wooded banks the hills rise gradually; there are no lofty
mountains in the immediate neighbourhood. The depth, in nearly all
parts, is considerable, and the current, consequently, not rapid; its
width, near the field of battle, varies little, and is seldom less
than fifty or sixty yards. James had the choice of ground, and it was
judiciously selected. On the south side of the river, in the county of
Meath, his army was posted with considerable skill: on the right was
Drogheda; in front were the fords of the Boyne, deep and dangerous,
and difficult to pass at all times; the banks were rugged, lined by a
morass, defended by some breastworks, with "huts and hedges convenient
for infantry;" and behind them was an acclivity stretching along the
whole of "the field." James fixed his own tent upon the summit of a
hill close to the little church of Donore, now a ruin; it commanded
an extensive view of the adjacent country, and the opposite or south
side of the river--the whole range, indeed, from Drogheda to Oldbridge
village--and looked directly down upon the valley, in which the battle
was to be fought, and the fords of the Boyne, where there could be no
doubt the troops of William would attempt a passage. From this spot,
James beheld his prospering rival mingling in the thick of the _mêlée_,
giving and taking blows; watched every turn of fortune, as it veered
towards or against him; saw his enemies pushing their way in triumph,
and his brave allies falling before the swords of foreigners--a safe
and inglorious spectator of a battle upon the issue of which his throne
depended. The preceeding night he had spent at Carntown Castle, from
whence he had marched, not as the leader, but as the overseer, of the
Irish army; having previously given unequivocal indications of his
prospects, his hopes, and his designs, by despatching a commissioner to
Waterford, "to prepare a ship for conveying him to France, in case of
any misfortune."


HANGING GARDENS OF BABYLON.

When Babylon the Great was in the zenith of her glory, adjoining the
grand palace, and within the general enclosure, the Hanging Gardens
were constructed by the king to gratify his wife Amytis, who being a
native of Media (she was the daughter of Astyages, the king of Media),
desired to have some imitation of her native hills and forests.

    "Within the walls was raised a lofty mound,
    Where flowers and aromatic shrubs adorn'd
    The pensile garden. For Nebassar's queen,
    Fatigued with Babylonia's level plains,
    Sigh'd for her Median home, where nature's hand
    Had scooped the vale, and clothed the mountain's side
    With many a verdant wood: nor long she pined
    Till that uxorious monarch called on Art
    To rival Nature's sweet variety.
    Forthwith two hundred thousand slaves uprear'd
    This hill--egregious work; rich fruits o'erhang
    The sloping vales, and odorous shrubs entwine
    Their undulating branches."

These gardens, as far as we learn from ancient accounts, contained
a square of above 400 feet on each side, and were carried up in the
manner of several large terraces, one above the other, till the height
equalled that of the walls of the city. The ascent from terrace to
terrace was by stairs ten feet wide. The whole pile was sustained
by vast arches, raised on other arches one above another, and was
defended and condensed by a wall, surrounding it on every side, of
twenty-two feet in thickness. On the top of the arches were first laid
large flat stones, sixteen feet long and four broad; over these was a
layer of weeds mixed and cemented with a large quantity of bitumen, on
which were two rows of bricks closely cemented together with the same
material. The whole was covered with thick sheets of lead, on which lay
the mould of the garden. And all this floorage was so contrived as to
keep the moisture of the mould from running away through the arches.
The earth laid thereon was so deep that large trees might take root
in it: and with such the terraces were covered, as well as with the
[...] plants and flowers proper to adorn an eastern pleasure-garden.
The trees planted there are represented to have been of various kinds.
Here grew the larch, that, curving, flings its arms like a falling
wave; and by it was seen the grey livery of the aspen; the mournful
solemnity of the cypress and stately grandeur of the cedar intermingled
with the elegant mimosa; besides the light and airy foliage of the
silk-tasselled acacia, with its vast clusters of beauteous lilac
flowers streaming in the wind and glittering in the sun; the umbrageous
foliage of the chesnut, and ever-varying verdure of the poplar; the
birch, with its feathered branches light as a lady's plumes--all
combined with the freshness of the running stream, over which the
willow waved its tresses.--

    "And the jessamine faint, and the sweet tuberose,
     The sweetest flower for scent that blows;
     And all rare blossoms from every clime
     Grew in that garden in perfect prime."

All these varied delights of nature were ranged in rows on the
side of the ascent as well as on the top, so that at a distance it
appeared to be an immense pyramid covered with wood. The situation of
this extraordinary effort of human skill, aided by human wealth and
perseverance, adjoining the river Euphrates, we must suppose that in
the upper terrace was an hydraulic engine, or kind of pump, by which
the water was forced up out of the river, and from thence the whole
gardens were watered, and a supply of the pure element furnished to the
fountains and reservoirs for cooling the air. In the spaces between
the several arches, on which the whole structure rested, were large
and magnificent apartments, very lightsome, and commanding the most
beautiful prospects that even the glowing conceptions of an eastern
imagination could dream to exist.


THE GREAT BELL OF BURMAH.

At a temple in the environs of Amarapoora, the capital of Burmah, there
is an enormous bell, which is thus described by Captain Yule:--"North
of the temple, on a low circular terrace, stands the biggest bell in
Burmah--the biggest in the world, probably, Russia apart. It is slung
on a triple beam of great size, cased and hooped with metal; this beam
resting on two piers of brickwork, enclosing massive frames of teak.
The bell does not swing free. The supports were so much shaken by the
earthquake, that it was found necessary to put props under the bell,
consisting of blocks of wood carved into grotesque figures. Of course
no tone can now be got out of it. But at any time it must have required
a battering-ram to elicit its music. Small ingots of silver (and some
say pieces of gold) may still be traced, unmelted, in the mass, and
from the inside one sees the curious way in which the makers tried to
strengthen the parts which suspend it by dropping into the upper part
of the mould iron chains, round which the metal was run. The Burmese
report the bell to contain 555,555 viss of metal (about 900 tons). Its
principal dimensions are as follow:--External diameter at the lip,
16 feet 3 inches; external diameter 4 feet 8 inches above the lip,
10 feet; interior height, 11 feet 6 inches; exterior ditto, 12 feet;
interior diameter at top, 8 feet 6 inches. The thickness of metal
varies from six inches to twelve, and the actual weight of the bell
is, by a rough calculation, about eighty tons, or one-eleventh of the
popular estimate. According to Mr. Howard Malcolm, whose authority was
probably Colonel Burney, the weight is stated in the Royal Chronicle
at 55,500 viss, or about ninety tons. This statement is probably,
therefore, genuine, and the popular fable merely a multiplication of it
by ten."

This monster Burmese bell is, therefore, fourteen times as heavy as
the great bell of St. Paul's, but only one-third of that given by the
Empress Anne to the Cathedral of Moscow.


BANDOLIERS.

[Illustration: [++] Bandoliers.]

We here engrave a set of bandoliers, a species of weapon much in vogue
about the close of the sixteenth century. The specimen before us
consists of nine tin cases covered with leather, with caps to them,
each containing a charge of powder, and suspended by rings from a cord
made to pass through other rings. The caps are retained in their places
by being contrived so as to slip up and down their own cords. Two
flaps of leather, on each side, are intended to protect the bandoliers
from rain, and attached to one of these may be perceived a circular
bullet-purse, made to draw with little strings. This specimen was
buckled round the waist by means of a strap; others were worn round the
body and over the shoulder. The noise they made, agitated by the wind,
but more especially the danger of all taking fire from the match-cord,
occasioned their disuse, as Sir James Turner tells us, about the year
1640.


TOMB OF DARIUS.

Among the most remarkable tombs of the ancients, may be noticed the
sepulchre carved out of the living rock, by order of Darius, the
warrior and conqueror king of Persia, for the reception of his own
remains; and which is existing to this day at Persepolis, after a
duration of twenty-three centuries.

The portico is supported by four columns twenty feet in height, and
in the centre is the form of a doorway, seemingly the entrance to the
interior, but it is solid; the entablature is of chaste design. Above
the portico there is what may be termed an ark, supported by two rows
of figures, about the size of life, bearing it on their uplifted hands,
and at each angle a griffin--an ornament which is very frequent at
Persepolis. On this stage stands the king, with a bent bow in his hand,
worshipping the sun, whose image is seen above the altar that stands
before him, while above his head hovers his ferouher, or disembodied
spirit. This is the good genius that in Persian and Ninevite sculpture
accompanies the king when performing any important act. On each side
the ark are nine niches, each containing a statue in bas-relief. No
other portion of the tomb was intended to be seen, excepting the
sculptured front; and we must, therefore, conclude that the entrance
was kept secret, and that the avenues were by subterranean passages, so
constructed that none but the privileged could find their way. We are
told by Theophrastus, that Darius was buried in a coffer of Egyptian
alabaster; and also that the early Persians buried their dead entire,
preserving their bodies with honey or wax.


THE GATE ON OLD LONDON BRIDGE.

[Illustration: [++] Gate on Old London Bridge.]

In the reign of Queen Elizabeth, a strongly embattled gate protected
the entrance from Southwark to Old London Bridge, and it was usually
garnished with traitors' heads in "rich abundance," as may be seen
in the accompanying cut, which is copied from Visscher's view, in
1579. The bridge was at that period covered with houses, a narrow
road passing through arcades beneath them, and they abutted on props
over the river on either side. The bridge was proudly spoken of by
our ancestors. Thus, in the translation of Ortelius, published by J.
Shaw, in 1603, he says of the Thames:--"It is beautified with statelye
pallaces, built on the side thereof; moreover, a sumptuous bridge
sustayned on nineteen arches, with excellent and beauteous housen built
thereon." Camden, in his great work, the "Britannica," says, "It may
worthily carry away the prize from all the bridges in Europe," being
"furnished on both sides with passing faire houses, joining one to
another in the manner of a street."


EXTRAORDINARY PONDS AND FISH.

The ponds in the department of Ain in France are 1667 in number. The
industry and ingenuity of man have converted the marshes into fertile
plains and productive ponds, by constructing dykes from one hill to
the other, for the plateaux are covered with small hills. When the
proprietor of one of these ponds wishes to cultivate it, he draws off
the water into the dyke attached to it. Wheat, barley, and oats are
then sown, and the seed thus fertilised by the slime produces a crop
double that produced by the land in the vicinity. After the harvest
is collected, the water is permitted to return to its former bed, and
carp, tench, and roach are then thrown into it. Some of these ponds
will support 100,000 of carp, and 100 pounds of little tench and roach.
In the course of two years these carp, which weighed only one ounce
and a-half, will have attained the size of two pounds and a half. The
fishing begins in April, and is continued until November. The increase
of the fish is as one to five.


THE CEREMONIAL OF MAKING THE KING'S BED.

The following account of the old ceremony of making the King's bed in
the time of Henry the Eighth, was sent to the Society of Antiquaries,
in 1776, by Mr. J. C. Brooke, of the Heralds' College, F.S.A. &c. In a
letter to the president, he says,--

"It is extracted from an original manuscript, elegantly written,
beautifully illuminated, and richly bound, which was some time in the
library of Henry, Duke of Norfolk, earl marshal of England, to whom it
came by descent from Thomas, the great Duke of Norfolk, beheaded in
the reign of Queen Elizabeth; who married Mary, daughter and coheir
of Henry Fitz-Alan, Earl of Arundel, lord chamberlain to King Henry
the Eighth. It contains the whole duty of the lord chamberlain, and
of the officers in his department; is the original copy kept for the
information of that earl; and had been compiled by order of, and
approved by, the King himself in council."

"_The oolde ordre of Makynge the Kynges Bedd not to used nor done, but
as Hys Grace woll comaund and apoynte from tyme to tyme herafter._

"_Furste_, a groome or a page to take a torche, and to goo to the
warderobe of the kynges bedd, and bryng theym of the warderobe with
the kynges stuff unto the chambr for makyng of the same bedde. Where
as aught to be a gentylman-usher, iiii yomen of the chambr for to make
the same bedde. The groome to stande at the bedds feete with his torch.
They of the warderobe openyng the kinges stuff of hys bedde upon a
fayre sheete, bytwen the sayde groome and the bedds fote, iii yeomen,
or two at the leste, in every syde of the bedde; the gentylman-usher
and parte commaundyng theym what they shall doo. A yoman with a dagger
to searche the strawe of the kynges bedde that there be none untreuth
therein. And this yoman to caste up the bedde of downe upon that,
and oon of theym to tomble over yt for the serche thereof. Then they
to bete and tufle the sayde bedde, and to laye oon then the bolster
without touchyng of the bedd where as it aught to lye. Then they of
the warderobe to delyver theym a fustyan takyng the saye therof. All
theys yomen to laye theyr hands theroon at oones, that they touch not
the bedd, tyll yt be layed as it sholde be by the comaundement of the
ussher. And so the furste sheet in lyke wyse, and then to trusse in
both sheete and fustyan rownde about the bedde of downe. The warderoper
to delyver the second sheete unto two yomen, they to crosse it over
theyr arme, and to stryke the bedde as the ussher shall more playnly
shewe unto theym. Then every yoman layeing hande upon the sheete, to
laye the same sheete upon the bedde. And so the other fustyan upon or
ii with such covervnge as shall content the kynge. Thus doon, the ii
yomen next to the bedde to laye down agene the overmore fustyan, the
yomen of the warderobe delyverynge theym a pane sheete, the sayde yoman
therewythall to cover the sayde bedde. And so then to laye down the
overmost sheete from the beddes heed. And then the sayd ii yomen to lay
all the overmost clothes of a quarter of the bedde. Then the warderoper
to delyver unto them such pyllowes as shall please the kynge. The sayd
yoman to laye theym upon the bolster and the heed sheete with whych the
sayde yoman shall cover the sayde pyllowes. And so to trusse the endes
of the sayde sheete under every ende of the bolster. And then the sayd
warderoper to delyver unto them ii lyttle small pyllowes, werwythall
the squyres for the bodye or gentylman-ussher shall give the saye to
the warderoper, and to the yoman whych have layde on hande upon the
sayd bedde. And then the sayd ii yomen to lay upon the sayde bedde
toward the bolster as yt was bifore. They makyng a crosse and kissynge
yt where there handes were. Then ii yomen next to the feete to make the
feers as the ussher shall teche theym. And so then every of them sticke
up the aungel about the bedde, and to lette down the corteyns of the
sayd bedde, or sparver.

"Item, a squyer for the bodye or gentylman-ussher aught to sett the
kynges sword at hys beddes heed.

"Item, a squyer for the bodye aught to charge a secret groome or page,
to have the kepynge of the sayde bedde with a lyght unto the time the
kynge be disposed to goo to yt.

"Item, a groome or page aught to take a torche, whyle the bedde ys yn
makyng, to feche a loof of brede, a pott wyth ale, a pott wyth wine,
for them that maketh the bedde, and every man.

"Item, the gentylman-ussher aught to forbede that no manner of man
do sett eny dysshe upon the kynge's bedde, for fere of hurtying of
the kynge's ryche counterpoynt that lyeth therupon. And that the sayd
ussher take goode heede, that noo man wipe or rubbe their handes uppon
none arras of the kynges, wherby they myght bee hurted, in the chambr
where the kynge ys specially, and in all other."


ORIGIN OF SANDWICHES.

To the memory of "Lord Sandwich" belongs the name of that edible.
Being, during his administration (as was very usual with him), at a
gambling-house, he had, in the fascination of play, for more than five
and twenty hours forgotten fatigue and hunger, when suddenly, feeling
disposed to break his fast, though still riveted to the table, he
called to bid some one bring anything that was to be had to eat, which
happened to prove a slice of beef, and two pieces of bread. Placing
them together for the sake of expedition, he devoured them with the
greatest relish. The most ecstatic encomiums published his discovery,
and giving it his name, bequeathed it as a memento to his country, as
one of the most important acts of his administration.


THE TREATY-STONE AT LIMERICK.

The city of Limerick is very famous in history. Before it, in 1651,
Ireton "sate down;" there he continued to "sit" for six months; and
underneath its walls the fierce republican died of plague. Greater
celebrity, and higher honour, were, however, obtained by Limerick in
1690. Early in August, William summoned it to surrender; the French
general, Boileau, who commanded the garrison--"rather for the King
of France than the King of England"--returned for answer, that "he
was surprised at the summons, and thought the best way to gain the
good opinion of the Prince of Orange was to defend the place for his
master King James." The siege was at once commenced. The flower of the
Irish army were within its walls, or in its immediate neighbourhood;
the counties of Clare and Galway were open to them, from which to
draw supplies; and a French fleet rode triumphantly in the Shannon.
The garrison, however, were little disposed to act in concert: the
jealousy of the commanders of the French and Irish had spread to their
troops; and they cherished feelings of contempt or hatred towards each
other, that argued ill for their success in opposing the steady and
disciplined forces of William.

[Illustration: [++] Treaty-Stone at Limerick.]

Yet the Irish succeeded; the siege was raised on the 30th of August.
But, in the autumn of 1691, it endured a second, which occupied about
six months; when the garrison, wearied of a struggle from which they
could derive nothing but glory, on the 23rd of September, a cessation
of hostilities took place; an amicable intercourse was opened between
the two armies; and articles of capitulation were, after a few brief
delays, agreed upon. The "violated treaty" was signed on the 3rd of
October, 1691; it consisted of two parts, civil and military. It is
said to have been signed by the several contracting parties on a large
stone, near to Thomond Bridge, on the county of Clare side of the
river. The stone remains in the position it occupied at the period, and
is an object of curiosity to strangers, as well as of interest to the
citizens of Limerick. We, therefore, thought it desirable to procure a
drawing of the relic, which retains its name of "the Treaty Stone."


THE TEMPLARS' BANNER CALLED BEAUSEANT.

When Constantine the Great was on the eve of a battle with Maxentius,
we are told that a luminous standard appeared to him in the sky with a
cross upon it, and this inscription:--"_In hoc signo vinces_--By this
sign you shall conquer;" and that this sign so encouraged Constantine
and his soldiers that they gained the next day a great victory.

When Waldemar II. of Denmark was engaged in a great battle with the
Livonians in the year 1219, it is said that a sacred banner fell from
heaven into the midst of his army, and so revived the courage of his
troops, that they gained a complete victory over the Livonians; and
in memory of the event, Waldemar instituted an order of knighthood,
called "St. Danebrog," or the strength of the Danes, and which is
still the principal order of knighthood in Denmark. Now, taking these
legends for as much as they are worth, and no more; what do they prove?
Not that this miraculous standard and cross came to the assistance
of Constantine; not that this miraculous banner came to the aid of
Waldemar; but they prove that such was the paramount importance
attached to the sacred banner among the forces, that wherever it was
present, it was a great means of inspiriting the men with increased
confidence and courage, and so contributed to the victory.

[Illustration: [++] Beauseant.]

The great importance attached to the banner in the middle ages is not
to be wondered at, when we consider that it was a kind of connecting
link between the military and the clergy; it was a religious symbol
applied to a military purpose, and this was the feeling which animated
the Crusaders and the Templars in their great struggle against the
enemies of Christianity. The contest then was between the crescent and
the cross--between Christ and Mahomet. The Knights Templars had a very
remarkable banner, being simply divided into black and white, the white
portion symbolising peace to their friends, the black portion evil to
their enemies, and their dreaded war cry, "BEAUSEANT."


SWORD-FISH _v._ WHALES.

So boundless is the sword-fish's rage and fury against whales in
particular, that many observers imagine his sallies against rocks and
timber to originate in an error of judgment, that all these lunges are
intended to punish leviathan, and are only misdirected in consequence
of the imperfect vision which prevents this scomber, like many of
his family, from accurately distinguishing forms. Whenever a supposed
whale is descried, our savage _sabreur_ rushes forward to intercept
his progress, and suddenly flashing before his victim, either alone
or in conjunction with some other unfriendly fish, instantly proceeds
to the attack. Relations of such sea-fights, attested by credible
eye-witnesses, are not uncommon; we content ourselves with the citation
of one of unimpeachable accuracy. Captain Crow, cited by Mr. Yarrell,
relates that in a voyage to Memel, on a calm night, just off the
Hebrides, all hands were called up to witness a strange combat between
some thrashers (carcharias vulpes) and a sword-fish leagued together
against a whale; as soon as the back of the ill-starred monster was
seen rising a little above the water, the thrashers sprang several
yards into the air, and struck him with their descending tails, the
reiterated percussions of which sounded, we are told, like a distant
volley of musketry. The sword-fish meanwhile attacked the whale from
below, getting close under his belly, and with such energy and effect
that there could be little doubt of the issue of a fray, which the
necessity of prosecuting their voyage prevented the crew from watching
to its close. The sword-fish is not less remarkable for strength than
pugnacity, the depôt of its great physical powers being, as in most
scombers, in the tail.


WEALTH OF SPAIN UNDER THE MOORS.

The Moors, whose conquest and expulsion were attended with such
atrocities, and such triumphs to the Catholic church, were by far the
most industrious and skilful part of the Spanish population, and their
loss was a blow to the greatness and prosperity of that kingdom from
which it has never recovered. The literary activity and commercial
enterprise of the Arabs, which the wise policy of their Caliphs
encouraged, contributed both to enrich and adorn their adopted country.
Cordova, the seat of the Ommiades, was scarcely inferior, in point of
wealth and magnitude, to its proud rival on the banks of the Tigris.
A space of twenty-four miles in length, and six in breadth, along the
banks of the Guadalquiver, was occupied with palaces, streets, gardens,
and public edifices; and for ten miles the citizens could travel by
the light of lamps along an uninterrupted extent of buildings. In the
reign of Almansor it could boast of 270,000 houses, 80,455 shops,
911 baths, 3,877 mosques, from the minarets of which a population of
800,000 were daily summoned to prayers. The seraglio of the Caliph, his
wives, concubines, and black eunuchs, amounted to 6,300 persons; and he
was attended to the field by a guard of 12,000 horsemen, whose belts
and scimitars were studded with gold. Granada was equally celebrated
for its luxury and its learning. The royal demesnes extended to the
distance of twenty miles, the revenues of which were set apart to
maintain the fortifications of the city. Of the duty on grain, the
king's exchequer received about £15,000 yearly, an immense sum at that
time, when wheat sold at the rate of sixpence a bushel. The consumption
of 250,000 inhabitants kept 130 water-mills constantly at work in the
suburbs. The population of this small kingdom under the Moors is
said to have amounted to 3,000,000, which is now diminished perhaps
to one-fifth of that number. Its temples and palaces have shared the
same decay. The Alhambra stands solitary, dismantled, and neglected.
The interior remains of the palace are in tolerable preservation, and
present a melancholy picture of the romantic magnificence of its former
kings. Seville, which had continued nearly 200 years the seat of a
petty kingdom, enjoyed considerable reputation as a place of wealth
and commerce. The population in 1247 was computed at 300,000 persons,
which, in the sixteenth century, had decreased one-third. It was one
of the principal marts for olives in the Moorish dominions; and so
extensive was the trade in this article alone that the _axarafe_, or
plantations round the suburbs, employed farm-houses and olive-presses
to the amount of 100,000, being more than is now to be found in the
whole province of Andalusia.


THE FIRST OPERA.

The first composer who tried his hand at setting an opera to music was
Francisco Bamirino, an Italian artist; and the piece to which he lent
the charm of a melodious accompaniment, was the "Conversion of St.
Paul," which was brought out at Rome in 1460.


RUINS OF EUROPA.

Lady Sheil, in her "Life in Persia," thus describes some wonderful
ruins which she saw about thirty miles from Tehran:--

"From near Verameen a most remarkable antiquity still survives the
lapse of twenty centuries, that is, if what we hear be true. It
consists of an immense rampart, twenty or thirty feet in height, and
of proportional thickness, including a space of about half a mile in
length and nearly the same in breadth. It is in the form of a square;
the rampart is continuous, and at short intervals is strengthened by
bastions of prodigious size. The whole is constructed of unbaked bricks
of large dimensions, and is in a state of extraordinary preservation.
The traces of a ditch of great size, though nearly filled up, are
evident in front of the rampart. No buildings are found inside, where
nothing is visible excepting a few mounds,--not a single habitation or
human being. The solitude of this striking vestige of antiquity adds
to its solemnity. It stood alone; Elboorz, distant only a few miles,
gazing down on its hoary walls, with Demawend, in its garments of
snow, to complete the scene. From no place have I had a finer view of
this grand mountain, which seemed to lie exactly to the north. I am
informed that these magnificent ruins represent Europa, a city built
by Seleucus, which, if true, would make it upwards of two thousand
years old. On seeing the perfect state of the ruins, and the materials
of which they are composed, one feels no hesitation in crediting so
venerable an antiquity. Seleucus chose the spot well. The district of
Verameen is renowned for its fertility, though not at this period for
the salubrity of its climate. The surrounding country is covered with
earthen mounds, denoting former edifices, which, if explored, might
reveal objects worthy of the erudition and intellect of even Sir Henry
Rawlinson."


CELEBRATED GUN.

[Illustration: [++] Gun of Charles IX. of France.]

The gun, of which the annexed is a sketch, is one of the many
curiosities of the Londesborough Museum. It once formed part of the
collection of Prince Potemkin, and was originally the property of
Charles IX. of France; it is traditionally reported to have been the
gun he used in firing on his Huguenot subjects, from one of the windows
of the Louvre, during the massacre of St. Bartholomew. The barrel is
richly chased in high relief, with a stag-hunt amid foliage. The stock
is inlaid with ivory, sculptured into a series of hunting scenes,
knights on horseback.

The dreadful massacre of Saint Bartholomew commenced at Paris on the
night of the festival of that saint, August 24th, 1572. Above 500
persons of rank, and 10,000 of inferior condition, perished in Paris
alone, besides those slaughtered in the provinces. The king, who had
been persuaded that the destruction of the Huguenots to the last man
was necessary to the safety of his throne, beheld the slaughter from a
window, and being carried away by the example of those whose murderous
doings he witnessed, ordered some long arquebusses to be brought,
and on their being loaded, and handed to him one after another, he
for some time continued to fire on the unfortunate fugitives as they
passed, crying at the same time with a loud voice, "Kill, kill." He
afterwards went and inspected the bodies of the slain, and expressed
his satisfaction at the effective manner in which his orders had been
executed.


TOMB OF RAFFAELLE.

The great painter Raffaelle died at Rome, April 7th 1520, at the early
age of thirty-seven. He was buried in the Pantheon, in a chapel which
was afterwards called Raffaelle's Chapel. For more than a century and
a half his tomb had only a plain epitaph, but Carlo Maratti desired to
place a more striking memorial of Raffaelle's resting-place than the
simple inscription, and accordingly, in the year 1764, a marble bust
of the painter, executed by Paolo Nardini, was placed in one of the
oval niches on each side of the chapel. The epitaph to Maria Bibiena
(Raffaelle's betrothed) was removed to make way for Maratti's new
inscription; and it was currently believed that the skull of Raffaelle
was removed; at least such was the history given of a skull shown
as the painter's, religiously preserved by the Academy of St. Luke,
and descanted on by phrenologists as indicative of all the qualities
which "the divine painter" possessed. But scepticism played its part;
doubts of the truth of this story led to doubts of Vasari's statement
respecting the exact locality of Raffaelle's tomb. Matters were brought
to a final issue by the discovery of a document proving this skull to
be that of Don Desiderio de Adjutorio, founder of the society called
the Virtuosi, in 1542. Thereupon, this society demanded the head of its
founder from the Academy of St. Luke; but they would neither abandon
that, nor the illusion that they possessed the veritable skull of the
great artist. Arguments ran high, and it was at length determined to
settle the question by an examination of the spot, which took place on
the 13th of September 1833, in the presence of the Academies of St.
Luke and of Archæology, the Commission of the Fine Arts (including
Overback and others), the members of the Virtuosi, the governor of Rome
(Monsignor Grimaldi), and the Cardinal Zurla, the representative of the
pope.

[Illustration: [++] Tomb of Raffaelle.]

The result will be best given in the words of an eye-witness, Signor
Nibby (one of the Commission of Antiquities and Fine Arts), who thus
described the whole to M. Quatremere de Quincy, the biographer of
Raffaelle:--"The operations were conducted on such a principle of exact
method as to be chargeable with over nicety. After various ineffectual
attempts in other directions, we at length began to dig under the altar
of the Virgin itself, and taking as a guide the indications furnished
by Vasari, we at length came to some masonry of the length of a man's
body. The labourers raised the stone with the utmost care, and having
dug within for about a foot and a half, came to a void space. You can
hardly conceive the enthusiasm of us all, when, by a final effort, the
workmen exhibited to our view the remains of a coffin, with an entire
skeleton in it, lying thus as originally placed, and thinly covered
with damp dust. We saw at once quite clearly that the tomb had never
been opened, and it thus became manifest that the skull possessed by
the Academy of St. Luke was not that of Raffaelle. Our first care was,
by gentle degrees, to remove from the body the dust which covered it,
and which we religiously collected, with the purpose of placing it in
a new sarcophagus. Amongst it we found, in tolerable preservation,
pieces of the coffin, which was made of deal, fragments of a painting
which had ornamented the lid, several bits of Tiber clay, formations
from the water of the river, which had penetrated into the coffin by
infiltration, an iron stelletta, a sort of spur, with which Raffaelle
had been decorated by Leo X, several _fibulæ_, and a number of metal
_anelli_, portions of his dress." These small rings had fastened the
shroud; several were retained by the sculptor Fibris, who also took
casts of the head and hand, and Camuccini took views of the tomb and
its precious contents; from one of these our cut is copied.

On the following day the body was further examined by professional
men: the skeleton was found to measure five feet seven inches, the
narrowness of the coffin indicated a slender and delicate frame. This
accords with the contemporary accounts, which say he was of a refined
and delicate constitution; his frame was all spirit; his physical
strength so limited that it was a wonder he existed so long as he did.
The investigation completed, the body was exhibited to the public from
the 20th to the 24th, and then was again placed in a new coffin of
lead, and that in a marble sarcophagus presented by the pope, and taken
from the antiquities in the Museum of the Vatican. A solemn mass was
then announced for the evening of the 18th of October. The Pantheon was
then illuminated, as for a funeral; the sarcophagus, with its contents,
was placed in exactly the same spot whence the remains had been taken.
The presidents of the various academies were present, with the Cavalier
Fabris at their head. Each bore a brick, which he inserted in the
brickwork with which the sepulchre was walled in. And so the painter
awaits "the resurrection of the just," and the fellowship of saints
and angels, of which his inspired pencil has given us the highest
realisation on earth.


ANTIMONY.

The origin of the use of _anti-moine_, or antimony, is a remarkable
circumstance. Basil Valentin, superior of a college of religionists,
having observed that this mineral fattened the pigs, imagined that it
would produce the same effect on the holy brotherhood. But the case was
seriously different; the unfortunate fathers, who greedily made use of
it, died in a short time, and this is the origin of its name, according
to the pure French word. In spite of this unfortunate beginning,
Paracelsus resolved to bring this mineral into practice; and by mixing
it with other preparations make it useful. The Faculty at Paris were
on this occasion divided into two parties, the one maintaining that
antimony was a poison; the other affirmed that it was an excellent
remedy. The dispute became more general, and the Parliament and
the College of the Sorbonne interfered in the matter; but sometime
afterwards people began to judge rightly concerning this excellent
mineral; and its wonderful and salutary effects have occasioned the
Faculty to place it among their best medicines.


PERSONAL APPEARANCE OF MAHOMET.

For the personal appearance and private life of Mahomet, we must rely
on the Arabian writers, who dwell with fond and proud satisfaction on
the graces and intellectual gifts with which nature had endowed him. He
was of a middle stature, of a clear, fair skin, and ruddy complexion.
His head and features, though large, were well proportioned; he had
a prominent forehead, large dark-brown eyes, an aquiline nose, and
a thick bushy beard. His mouth, though rather wide, was handsomely
formed, and adorned with teeth white as pearls, the upper row not
closely set, but in regular order--which appeared when he smiled, and
gave an agreeable expression to his countenance. He had a quick ear,
and a fine sonorous voice. His dark eyebrows approached each other
without meeting. His hair fell partly in ringlets about his temples,
and partly hung down between his shoulders. To prevent whiteness, the
supposed effect of Satanic influence, he stained it, as the Arabs
often do still, of a shining reddish colour. His frame was muscular
and compact--robust rather than corpulent. When he walked, he carried
a staff, in imitation of the other prophets, and had a singular
affectation of being thought to resemble Abraham. The assertion of
the Greeks and Christians, that he was subject to epilepsy, must be
ascribed to ignorance or malice.


STIRRUPS.

From every information we have been able to collect, we believe that
the appendage of stirrups were not added to saddles before the sixth
century. It is said, that previous to the introduction of stirrups,
the young and agile used to mount their horses by vaulting upon them,
which many did in an expert and graceful manner; of course, practice
was essential to this perfection. That this should be afforded, wooden
horses were placed in the Campus Martius, where this exercise was
performed of mounting or dismounting on either side; first, without,
and next with arms. Cavalry had also occasionally a strap of leather,
or a metallic projection affixed to their spears, in or upon which the
foot being placed, the ascent became more practicable. Respecting the
period of this invention, Montfaucon has presumed that the invention
must have been subsequent to the use of saddles; however, opposed to
this opinion, an ingenious argument has been offered, that it is
possible they might have been anterior to that invention; because, it
is said, they might have been appended to a girth round the body of the
horse. Both Hippocrates and Galen speak of a disease to which the feet
and ancles were subject, from long riding, occasioned by suspension
of the feet without a resting-place. Suetonius, the Roman, informs us
that Germanicus, the father of Caligula, was wont to ride after dinner,
to strengthen his ancles, by the action of riding affording the blood
freer circulation in the part.


THE GREAT SHOEMADOO PAGODA.

[Illustration: [++] Great Shoemadoo Pagoda.]

The Buddhist temple of which we here give an engraving is the great
Shoëmadoo Pagoda at Pegu. Among other things it is interesting as
being one of the earliest attempts at that class of decoration, which
consists in having at the base of the building a double range of small
pagodas, a mode of ornamentation that subsequently became typical in
Hindu architecture; their temples and spires being covered, and indeed
composed of innumerable models of themselves, clustered together so as
to make up a whole.

The building stands on two terraces, the lower one about 10 ft. high,
and 1391 ft. square: the upper one, 20 ft. in height, is 684 ft.
square; from the centre of it rises the pagoda, the diameter of whose
base is 395 ft. The small pagodas are 27 ft. high, and 108 or 110 in
number; while the great pagoda itself rises to the height of 331 ft.
above its terrace, or 361 ft. above the country, thus reaching a height
nearly equal to St. Paul's Cathedral; while the side of the upper
terrace is only 83 ft. less than that of the great Pyramid.

Tradition ascribes its commencement to two merchants, who raised it to
the height of 12 cubits at an age slightly subsequent to that of Buddha
himself. Successive kings of Pegu added to this from time to time, till
at last it assumed its present form, most probably about three or four
centuries ago.


PEST HOUSE DURING THE PLAGUE IN TOTHILL FIELDS.

[Illustration: [++] Pest House in Tothill Fields.]

Tothill Fields, a locality between Pimlico and the Thames, was
anciently the manor of Tothill, belonging to John Maunsel, chancellor,
who in 1256, entertained here Henry III. and his court at a vast feast
in tents and pavilions. Here were decided wagers of battle and appeals
by combat. Necromancy, sorcery and witchcraft were punished here; and
"royal solemnities and goodly jousts were held here." In Culpeper's
time the fields were famous for parsley. In 1642 a battery and
breastwork were erected here. Here also were built the "Five Houses,"
or "Seven Chimneys," as pest-houses for victims of the plague. One of
these pest-houses is given in the above engraving, taken from an old
print. In the plague time of 1665, the dead were buried "in the open
Tuttle Fields." In Queen Anne's reign here was William Well's head
garden on the site of Vincent-square. The Train Bands were drawn out
here in 1651. In the last century the fields were a noted duel-ground,
and here, in 1711, Sir Cholmeley Deering, M.P., was killed by the first
shot of Mr. Richard Thornhill, who was tried for murder and acquitted,
but found guilty of manslaughter and burnt in the hand.


THE THUGS.

The following account of these horribly extraordinary men is taken from
Dr. Hooker's Himalayan Journals; writing at Mirzapore, he says:--"Here
I had the pleasure of meeting Lieutenant Ward, one of the suppressors
of Thuggee (_Thuggee_, in Hindostan, signifies a deceiver; fraud,
not open force, being employed). This gentlemen kindly showed me the
approvers, or king's evidence of his establishment, belonging to those
three classes of human scourges, the Thug, Dakoit, and Poisoner. Of
these the first was the Thug, a mild-looking man, who had been born and
bred to the profession: he had committed many murders, saw no harm in
them, and felt neither shame nor remorse. His organs of observation and
destructiveness were large, and the cerebellum small. He explained to
me how the gang waylay the unwary traveller, enter into conversation
with him, and have him suddenly seized, when the superior throws his
own girdle round the victim's neck and strangles him, pressing the
knuckles against the spine. Taking off his own girdle, he passed it
round my arm, and showed me the turn as coolly as a sailor once taught
me the hangman's knot. The Thug is of any caste, and from any part of
India. The profession have particular stations, which they generally
select for murder, throwing the body of their victim into a well.

"Their origin is uncertain, but supposed to be very ancient, soon
after the Mahommedan conquest. They now claim a divine original, and
are supposed to have supernatural powers, and to be the emissaries
of the divinity, like the wolf, the tiger, and the bear. It is only
lately that they have swarmed so prodigiously--seven original gangs
having migrated from Delhi to the Gangetic provinces about 200 years
ago, from whence all the rest have sprung. Many belong to the most
amiable, intelligent, and respectable classes of the lower and even
middle ranks: they love their profession, regard murder as sport, and
are never haunted with dreams, nor troubled with pangs of conscience
during hours of solitude, or in the last moments of life. The victim
is an acceptable sacrifice to the goddess Davee, who by some classes
is supposed to eat the lifeless body, and thus save her votaries the
necessity of concealing it.

"They are extremely superstitious, always consulting omens, such as
the direction in which a hare or a jackal crosses the road; and even
far more trivial circumstances will determine the fate of a dozen of
people, and perhaps of an immense treasure. All worship the pickaxe,
which is symbolical of their profession, and an oath sworn on it binds
closer than on the Koran. The consecration of this weapon is a most
elaborate ceremony, and takes place only under certain trees. The
Thugs rise through various grades: the lowest are scouts; the second,
sextors; the third, are holders of the victim's hands; the highest,
stranglers.

"Though all agree in never practising cruelty, or robbing previous
to murder--never allowing any but infants to escape (and these are
trained to Thuggee), and never leaving a trace of such goods as may be
identified--there are several variations in their mode of conducting
operations: some tribes spare certain castes, others none; murder of
woman is against all rules; but the practice crept into certain gangs,
and this it is which led to their discountenance by the goddess Davee,
and the consequent downfall of the system. Davee, they say, allowed the
British to punish them, because a certain gang had murdered the mothers
to obtain their daughters to be sold to prostitution.

"Major Sleeman has constructed a map demonstrating the number of
'bails,' or regular stations for committing murder, in the kingdom of
Oude alone, which is 170 miles long by 100 broad, and in which are 274,
which are regarded by the Thug with as much satisfaction and interest
as a game preserve is in England; nor are these 'bails' less numerous
than in other parts of India. Of twenty assassins who were examined,
one frankly confessed to having been engaged in 931 murders, and the
least guilty of the number in 24. Sometimes 150 persons collected into
one gang, and their profits have often been immense, the murder of six
persons on one occasion yielding 82,000 rupees, upwards of £8,000."


ENGLISH EARTHENWARE AND SHAKSPEARE'S JUG.

Much uncertainty exists regarding the period when the manufacture
of fine earthenware was first introduced into England. Among the
documents in the Foedera, occur various lists of articles, ordered to
be purchased in England for several foreign potentates, and permitted
to be exported for their use without paying the Custom duties. One of
these lists, dated in 1428, enumerates many objects as then shipped
for the use of the King of Portugal and the Countess of Holland, among
which are "six silver cups, each of the weight of six marks (or four
pounds), a large quantity of woollen stuffs, and 2000 plates, dishes,
saucers, and other vessels of _electrum_."

As these articles were, no doubt, the produce of the country, it
would appear that utensils for domestic use were then made of metal,
and not of pottery; and it was not till some time afterwards that
the latter was introduced by the Dutch, whose manufactory at Delft
probably existed as early as the fifteenth century, and who sent large
quantities of their ware to England. The skill and excellence of the
English artizans consisted in the manufacture of silver and other
metals. Of this, instances are recorded in the correspondence of La
Mothe Fénelon, the French ambassador at the Court of Queen Elizabeth;
and in the travels of Hentzner, who visited England in 1598. Both
describe in glowing colours the silver plate which adorned the buffets,
as well as the magnificent furniture and decorations of the palaces of
that sumptuous queen.

Still Elizabeth, who so highly prided herself upon the state and
splendour of her establishment, and who was in constant intercourse
with the Court of France and the Low Countries, was not likely to
have remained altogether satisfied without possessing, among the
manufactures of her own kingdom, something similar to the fine Fayence
then in use in every foreign court. Though it is probable that Delft
ware procured from Holland was first used, it may reasonably be
presumed that the ware called by her name was afterwards manufactured,
under her immediate patronage, for the use of the court and the
nobility; and although there is no record of the fact, it is supposed
that Stratford-le-Bow was the site of the manufactory.

[Illustration: [++] Shakspeare's Jug.]

Shakspeare's Jug, of which we here give an engraving, which has been
carefully preserved by the descendants of the immortal bard since the
year 1616, is, perhaps, the most remarkable example of the Elizabethan
pottery now existing. The shape partakes very much of the form of the
old German or Dutch ewer, without, however, the usual top or cover;
the one now attached to the jug being a modern addition of silver,
with a medallion bust of the poet in the centre, beautifully executed
and inscribed "WM. SHAKSPEARE, AT THE AGE OF FORTY." It is about ten
inches high, and sixteen inches round at the largest part, and is
divided lengthwise into eight compartments, having each a mythological
subject in high relief. All of these, although executed in the quaint
style of the period, possess considerable merit. Some of them, indeed,
manifest much masterly grouping of both human figures and animals; and
such is the admirable state of preservation of this very interesting
old English relic, that as correct a judgment may be formed of its
workmanship, as in the days of its first possessor; at all events, as
regards the degree of perfection to which English Pottery had attained
in the Elizabethan age; an inspection of this jug will justify the
presumption, that her Court was not less tastefully provided in that
respect than those of the Continent, notwithstanding the obscurity
in which the precise locality and extent of the manufactory is
unfortunately involved.


PRICE OF MACKAREL.

The price of mackarel, in May, 1807, in the Billingsgate market, was
as follows:--Forty guineas for every hundred of the first cargo, which
made the fish come to seven shillings apiece! The next supplies were
also exorbitant, though much less so than the first, fetching thirteen
pounds per hundred, or two shillings apiece. The very next year the
former deficiencies were more than made up, for it appears that during
the season 1808, mackarel were hawked about the streets of Dover, at
sixty for a shilling, or five for a penny; whilst they so blockaded
the Brighton coast that on one night it became impossible to land the
multitudes taken, and at last both fish and nets went to the bottom
together.


POPE'S CHAIR.

[Illustration: [++] Alexander Pope's Chair.]

In one of the rooms at that stately and picturesque baronial hall,
Audley End, the seat of Lord Braybrooke, there is preserved the
interesting relic which forms the subject of the annexed engraving.
Its history is thus told on a brass plate inserted in the back--"This
chair, once the property of Alexander Pope, was given as a keep-sake
to the nurse who attended him in his illness; from her descendants
it was obtained by the Rev. Thomas Ashley, curate of the parish of
Binfield, and kindly presented by him to Lord Braybrooke, in 1844,
nearly a century after the poet's decease." It is apparently of Flemish
workmanship, and of rather singular design; in the centre medallion is
a figure of Venus holding a dart in her right hand, and a burning heart
in her left. The narrow back and wide-circling arms give a peculiarly
quaint appearance to this curious relic of one of our greatest poets.


FIRST WIND-MILLS.

Mabillon mentions a diploma of the year 1105, in which a convent in
France is allowed to erect water and windmills, _molendina ad ventum_.

Bartolomeo Verde proposed to the Venetians in 1332, to build a
wind-mill. When his plan had been examined, he had a piece of ground
assigned him, which he was to retain if his undertaking succeeded
within a specified time. In 1373, the city of Spires caused a wind-mill
to be erected, and sent to the Netherlands for a person acquainted
with the method of grinding by it. A wind-mill was also constructed at
Frankfort, in 1442; but it does not appear to have been ascertained
whether there were any there before.

About the twelfth century, in the pontificate of Gregory, when both
wind and water-mills became more general, a dispute arose whether mills
were titheable or not. The dispute existed for some time between the
persons possessed of mills and the clergy; when neither would yield. At
length, upon the matter being referred to the pope and sacred college,
the question was (as might have been expected when interested persons
were made the arbitrators) determined in favour of the claims of the
church.


THE "HAPPY DISPATCH" IN JAPAN.

The _Hari-kari_, or "Happy Dispatch," consists in ripping open their
own bowels with two cuts in the form of a cross--after the artistic
dissector's fashion. Officials resort to it under the fear of the
punishment which they may expect; for it is a leading principle that
it is more honourable to die by one's own hand than by another's.
Princes and the high classes receive permission to rip themselves up
as a special favour, when under sentence of death: their entire family
must die with the guilty. Sometimes, by favour, the nearest relative
of the condemned is permitted to perform the function of executioner
in his own house. Such a death is considered less dishonourable than
by the public executioners, aided by the servants of those who keep
disreputable houses.

But the Japanese, for the most part, always ask permission to rip
themselves; and they set about it with astonishing ease, and not
without evident ostentation. The criminal who obtains this favour
assembles all his family and his friends, puts on his richest apparel,
makes an eloquent speech on his situation, and then, with a most
contented look, he bares his belly, and in the form of a cross rips
open the viscera. The most odious crimes are effaced by such a death.
The criminal thenceforward ranks as a brave in the memory of men. His
family contracts no stain, and his property is not confiscated.

It is curious that the Romans and the Japanese should hit upon
crucifixion as a mode of punishment. These coincidences often startle
us in reviewing the manners and customs of men. Vainly we strive to
conjecture how such a mode of punishment could have suggested itself
to the mind of man. The _in terrorem_ object scarcely accounts for it.
Constantine abolished it amongst the Romans, in honour of Him who was
pleased to make that mode of dying honourable in the estimation of men.

The Hari-kari, or happy dispatch, is still more incomprehensible.
We shudder at the bare idea of it. To commit suicide by hanging, by
drowning, by poison, by firearms, by a train in rapid motion--all these
modes are reasonable in their madness; but to rip open our bowels!--and
with _two_ cuts! We are totally at a loss to imagine how such a mode
of self-murder could have been adopted; we cannot but wonder at the
strength of nerve which enables it to be accomplished: but we feel no
doubt of the everlasting force of national custom--especially amongst
the Orientals--in the continuance of this practice. Montesquieu said,
"If the punishments of the Orientals horrify humanity, the reason is,
that the despot who ordains them feels that he is above all laws. It
is not so in Republics, wherein the laws are always mild, because he
who makes them is himself a subject." This fine sentiment, thoroughly
French, is evidently contradicted by the institutions of Japan, where
the Emperor himself, the despot, is a subject: besides, Montesquieu
would have altered his antithesis had he lived to see the horrors of
the Reign of Terror in the glorious French Republic.


PURITAN ZEAL.

The following is a copy of the order issued by Government for the
destruction of Glasgow Cathedral:--"To our traist friendis,--Traist
friendis, after most hearty commendacion, we pray you fail not to pass
incontinent to the kirk, (of Glasgow, or elsewhere, as it might be) and
tak down the hail images thereof, and bring furth to the kirk-zyard,
and burn them openly. And sicklyke cast down the altaris, and purge the
kirk of all kynd of monuments of idolatrye. And this ze fail not to do,
as ze will do us singular emplesure; and so commitis you to protection
of God.

  (Signed)

  AR. ARGYLE.

  JAMES STEWART.

  RUTHVEN.

_From Edinburgh the XII. of Aug. 1560._

"Fail not, but ze tak guid heyd that neither the dasks, windows,
nor duris, be ony ways hurt or broken, uthe glassin wark, or iron
wark."


FREDERICK THE GREAT AT TABLE.

The table of the great Frederic of Prussia was regulated by himself.
There were always from nine to a dozen dishes, and these were brought
in one at a time. The King carved the solitary dish, and helped the
company. One singular circumstance connected with this table was,
that each dish was cooked by a different cook, who had a kitchen to
himself! There was much consequent expense, with little magnificence.
Frederic ate and drank, too, like a boon companion. His last work,
before retiring to bed, was to receive from the chief cook the bill
of fare for the next day; the price of each dish, and of its separate
ingredients, was marked in the margin. The monarch looked it cautiously
through, generally made out an improved edition, cursed all cooks
as common thieves, and then flung down the money for the next day's
expenses.


ARTIFICIAL SWEETS.

Professor Playfair, in an able lecture delivered in the Great
Exhibition, and since published, has raised a curtain, which
displays a rather repulsive scene. He says, the perfume of flowers
frequently consists of oils and ethers, which the chemist can compound
artificially in his laboratory. Singularly enough these are generally
derived from substances of an intensely disgusting odour. A peculiarly
fetid oil, termed the "fusel" oil, is formed in making brandy. This
fusel oil distilled with sulphuric acid and acetate of potass, gives
the oil of pears (?). The oil of apples is made from the same fusel,
by distillation with the same acid and chromate of potass. The oil
of pineapples is obtained from the product of the action of putrid
cheese on sugar! or by making a soap with butter. The artificial
oil of bitter almonds is now largely employed in perfuming soap
confectionary; extracted by nitric acid and the fetid oil of gas tar.
Many a fair forehead is damped with _eau de mille fleurs_ without the
knowledge that its essential ingredient is derived from the drainage of
cow-houses!


TEUTONIC HUT-SHAPED VASES.

[Illustration: [++] Teutonic Hut-Shaped Vases.]

Some remarkable sepulchral urns, of which we give a sketch, resembling
those of the early inhabitants of Alba Longa, in Italy, have been
found in Germany, and are distinctly Teutonic. They occur in the
sepulchres of the period when bronze weapons were used, and before the
predominance of Roman art. One found at Mount Chemnitz, in Thuringen,
had a cylindrical body and conical top, imitating a roof. In this was
a square orifice, representing the door or window, by which the ashes
of the dead were introduced, and the whole then secured by a small
door fastened with a metal pin. A second vase was found at Roenne; a
third in the island of Bornholm. A similar urn exhumed at Parchim had a
shorter body, taller roof, and door at the side. Still more remarkable
was another found at Aschersleben, which has its cover modelled in
shape of a tall conical thatched roof, and the door with its ring still
remaining. Another, with a taller body and flatter roof, with a door
at the side, was found at Klus, near Halberstadt. The larger vases
were used to hold the ashes of the dead, and are sometimes protected
by a cover, or stone, or placed in another vase of coarser fabric. The
others are the household vessels, which were offered to the dead filled
with different viands. Some of the smaller vases appear to have been
toys.

Extraordinary popular superstitions have prevailed amongst the German
peasantry as to the origin and nature of these vases, which in some
districts are considered to be the work of the elves,--in others, to
grow spontaneously from the ground like mushrooms--or to be endued
with remarkable properties for the preservation of milk and other
articles of food. Weights to sink nets, balls, discs, and little rods
of terra-cotta, are also found in the graves.


LYNCH'S CASTLE, GALWAY.

[Illustration: [++] Lynch's Castle.]

The house in the town of Galway, still known as "Lynch's Castle,"
although the most perfect example now remaining, was at one period by
no means a solitary instance of the decorated habitations of the Galway
merchants. The name of Lynch, as either provost, portreve, sovereign,
or mayor of Galway, occurs no fewer than ninety-four times between the
years 1274 and 1654; after that year it does not appear once. The house
here pictured was the residence of the family for many generations.
It had, however, several branches, whose habitations are frequently
pointed out by their armorial bearings, or their crest, a lynx, over
the gateway. One of its members is famous in history as the Irish
Junius Brutus. The mere fact is sufficiently wonderful without the aid
of invention; but it has, as may be supposed, supplied materials to a
host of romancers. The story is briefly this:--

James Lynch Fitzstephen was mayor or warden of Galway in 1493; he
traded largely with Spain, and sent his son on a voyage thither to
purchase and bring back a cargo of wine. Young Lynch, however, spent
the money entrusted to him, and obtained credit from the Spaniard,
whose nephew accompanied the youth back to Ireland to be paid the debt
and establish further intercourse. The ship proceeded on her homeward
voyage, and as she drew near the Irish shore, young Lynch conceived the
idea of concealing his crime by committing another. Having seduced,
or frightened, the crew into becoming participators, the youth was
seized and thrown overboard. The father and friends of Lynch received
the voyager with joy; and the murderer in a short time became himself
a prosperous merchant. Security had lulled every sense of danger,
and he proposed for a very beautiful girl, the daughter of a wealthy
neighbour, in marriage. The proposal was accepted; but previous to the
appointed day, one of the seamen became suddenly ill, and in a fit of
remorse summoned old Lynch to the dying-bed, and communicated to him a
full relation of the villany of his only and beloved son. Young Lynch
was tried, found guilty, and sentenced to execution--the father being
his judge. The wretched prisoner, however, had many friends among the
people, and his relatives resolved with them that he should not die a
shameful death. They determined upon his rescue. We copy the last act
of the tragedy from "Hardiman's History of Galway." "Day had scarcely
broken when the signal of preparation was heard among the guards
without. The father rose, and assisted the executioner to remove the
fetters which bound his unfortunate son. Then unlocking the door, he
placed him between the priest and himself, leaning upon an arm of each.
In this manner they ascended a flight of steps lined with soldiers,
and were passing on to gain the street, when a new trial assailed
the magistrate for which he appears not to have been unprepared. His
wretched wife, whose name was Blake, failing in her personal exertions
to save the life of her son, had gone in distraction to the heads of
her own family, and prevailed on them, for the honour of their house,
to rescue him from ignominy. They flew to arms, and a prodigious
concourse soon assembled to support them, whose outcries for mercy to
the culprit would have shaken any nerves less firm than those of the
mayor of Galway. He exhorted them to yield submission to the laws of
their country; but finding all his efforts fruitless to accomplish the
ends of justice at the accustomed place, and by the usual hands, he, by
a desperate victory over parental feeling, resolved himself to perform
the sacrifice which he had vowed to pay on its altar. Still retaining
a hold of his unfortunate son, he mounted with him by a winding stair
within the building, that led to an arched window overlooking the
street, which he saw filled with the populace. Here he secured the end
of the rope--which had been previously fixed round the neck of his
son--to an iron staple, which projected from the wall, and after taking
from him a last embrace, he launched him into eternity. The intrepid
magistrate expected instant death from the fury of the populace; but
the people seemed so much overawed or confounded by the magnanimous
act, that they retired slowly and peaceably to their several dwellings.
The innocent cause of this sad tragedy is said to have died soon after
of grief, and the unhappy father of Walter Lynch to have secluded
himself during the remainder of his life from all society except that
of his mourning family. His house still exists in Lombard Street,
Galway, which is yet known by the name of 'Dead Man's Lane;' and over
the front doorway are to be seen a skull and cross-bones executed in
black marble, with the motto, 'Remember Deathe--vaniti of vaniti, and
all is but vaniti.'"

The house in which the tragedy is said to have occurred was taken down
only so recently as 1849; but the tablet which contains the "skull
and cross-bones" bears the date 1624--upwards of a century after the
alleged date of the occurrence.


WASHINGTON.

It is something singular, that Washington drew his _last_ breath, in
the _last_ hour, of the _last_ day, of the _last_ week, of the _last_
month, of the _last_ year, of the _last_ century. He died on Saturday
night, twelve o'clock, December 31st, 1799.


ANCIENT BANNERS AND STANDARDS.

Banners have been in use from the earliest ages. Xenophon gives us the
Persian standard as a golden eagle, mounted on a pole or spear. We
find banners very early in use among the nations of Europe. In this
country the introduction of banners was clearly of a religious origin.
Venerable Bede says, that when St. Augustin and his companions came to
preach Christianity in Britain in the latter part of the sixth century,
and having converted Ethelbert, the Bretwalda of the Anglo-Saxons (his
Queen Bertha had already embraced the Christian faith) the monk and
his followers entered Canterbury in procession, chanting, "We beseech
thee O Lord, of thy mercy, let thy wrath and anger be turned away from
this city, and from thy Holy Place, for we have sinned. Hallelujah."
And they carried in their hands little banners on which were depicted
crosses. The missionaries were allowed to settle in the Isle of Thanet,
and Canterbury became the first Christian church.

The raven has been regarded from very early ages as an emblem of God's
providence, no doubt from the record in Holy Writ of its being employed
to feed Elijah the Prophet, in his seclusion by the brook Cherith;
and it was the well-known ensign of the Danes, at the time of their
dominion in this country. In the year 742, a great battle was fought
at Burford, in Oxfordshire, and the Golden Dragon, the standard of
Wessex, was victorious over Ethelbald, the King of Mercia. The banners
of several of the Saxon kings were held in great veneration, especially
those of Edmund the Martyr, and of Edward the Confessor. The latter
king displayed as an ensign a cross flory between five martlets gold,
on a blue field, and which may still be seen on a very ancient shield
in the south aisle of Westminster Abbey. When William the Norman set
out to invade England he had his own ensign, the two lions of Normandy,
depicted on the sails of his ships; but on the vessel in which he
himself sailed, besides some choice relics, he had a banner at the
mast-head with a cross upon it, consecrated by the Pope, to give
sanctity to the expedition. Indeed it has been the practice in every
age for the Pope to give consecrated banners wherever he wished success
to any enterprise, numerous instances of which might be cited in very
recent times. And in our own army down to the present day, whenever any
regiment receives new banners (or colours, as the modern term is), the
regiment is drawn out in parade, the colours are then blessed by the
prayers of several clergymen of the Church of England, and afterwards
presented to the regiment by the fair hand of a lady of rank.

[Illustration: [++] Banner.]

Cæsar has recorded a fine example of patriotism, to the credit of one
of his own officers, when he attempted to land his Roman forces on our
shores, and meeting with a warmer reception than they anticipated from
the Britons, considerable hesitation arose among his troops; but the
standard-bearer of the Tenth Legion, with the Roman eagle in his hand,
invoking the gods, plunged into the waves, and called on his comrades
to follow him, and do their duty to their general and to the republic;
and so the whole army made good their landing.

[Illustration: [++] Cæsar's Banner.]

We have in the Nineveh sculptures some highly interesting specimens
of the ancient Assyrian standards, consisting principally of two
varieties, which are here given. The principal archer appears to be
drawing his bow, while the standard-bearer elevates the standard in
front of the chariot.


ANCIENT MANNERS OF THE ITALIANS.

About the year 1238, the food of the Italians was very moderate, or,
rather scanty. The common people had meat only three days a week.
Their dinner consisted of pot-herbs, boiled with meat; their supper,
the cold meat left from dinner. The husband and wife eat out of the
same dish; and they had but one or two cups in the house. They had
no candles made of wax or tallow; but, a torch, held by one of the
children, or a servant, gave them light at supper. The men, whose chief
pride was in their arms and horses, wore caps made with iron scales,
and cloaks of leather, without any other covering. The women wore
jackets of stuff, with gowns of linen, and their head-dresses were very
simple. Those who possessed a very small sum of money, were thought
rich; and the homely dress of the women required only small marriage
portions. The nobles were proud of living in towers; and thence the
cities were filled with those fortified dwellings.


AMUSEMENTS OF THE LOWER ORDERS IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY.

The most popular amusements of the lower orders were wrestling,
bowling, quoit and ninepin playing, and games at ball. In wrestling the
Cornwall and Devonshire men excelled, and a ram, or sometimes a cock,
was the prize of the victor. Bowling alleys were commonly attached
to the houses of the wealthy, and to places of public resort. Among
the games at ball we find tennis, trap-ball, bat and ball, and the
balloon-ball, in which a large ball filled with air was struck from one
side to the other by two players with their hands and wrists guarded by
bandages. Archery was now on the decline, owing to the introduction of
firearms; nor could all the legislative enactments of the day revive
its constant use. The quarter-staff was also a favourite weapon of
sportive fence, which was a staff about five or six feet long, grasped
in the middle with one hand, while the other slid up and down as it was
required to strike or to ward a blow.

The citizens of London enjoyed themselves in winter by skating on
the Thames, (the old shankbones of sheep having now been superseded
by regular skates, probably introduced from the Netherlands,) and
in summer with sailing and rowing. Dice and cards, prisoner's base,
blind man's buff, battledoor and shuttlecock, bull-baiting, and
cock-fighting, a rude species of mumming, the dancing of fools at
Christmas, and other games, completed the gratifications of the
populace.


NOVEL MODE OF TAKING VENGEANCE.

The Chinese have a book entitled _Si-yuen_, that is to say, "The
Washing of the Pit," a work on medical jurisprudence, very celebrated
all over the empire, and which should be in the hands of all Chinese
magistrates. It is impossible to read the Si-yuen without being
convinced that the number of attempts against life in this country
is very considerable, and especially that suicide is very common.
The extreme readiness with which the Chinese are induced to kill
themselves, is almost inconceivable; some mere trifle, a word almost,
is sufficient to cause them to hang themselves, or throw themselves
to the bottom of a well; the two favourite modes of suicide. In other
countries, if a man wishes to wreak his vengeance on an enemy, he tries
to kill him; in China, on the contrary, he kills himself. This anomaly
depends upon various causes, of which these are the principal:--In
the first place, Chinese law throws the responsibility of a suicide
on those who may be supposed to be the cause or occasion of it. It
follows, therefore, that if you wish to be revenged on an enemy, you
have only to kill yourself to be sure of getting him into horrible
trouble; for he falls immediately into the hands of _justice_, and will
certainly be tortured and ruined, if not deprived of life. The family
of the suicide also usually obtains, in these cases, considerable
damages; so that it is by no means a rare case for an unfortunate man
to commit suicide in the house of a rich one, from a morbid idea of
family affection. In killing his enemy, on the contrary, the murderer
exposes his own relatives and friends to injury, disgraces them,
reduces them to poverty, and deprives himself of funeral honours,
a great point for a Chinese, and concerning which he is extremely
anxious. It is to be remarked also, that public opinion, so far from
disapproving of suicide, honours and glorifies it. The conduct of a man
who destroys his own life, to avenge himself on an enemy whom he has no
other way of reaching, is regarded as heroic and magnanimous.


PERSECUTION IN THE REIGN OF QUEEN MARY.

The total number of persons who perished in the flames for their
religion during this reign has been variously reckoned at 277 and 288,
amongst whom were 5 bishops, 21 divines, 8 gentlemen, 84 artificers,
100 husbandmen, servants, and labourers, 26 wives, 20 widows, 9
unmarried women, 2 boys, and 2 infants, of which last one was whipped
to death by the savage Bonner, and the other, springing out of its
mother's womb, at the stake, was mercilessly thrown back into the
fire. The number of those that died in prison was also very great. Yet
England may be considered as comparatively free from persecution during
this period, for all over the continent the victims of bigotry were
reckoned, not by hundreds, but by thousands, and in the Netherlands
alone 50,000 persons are said to have lost their lives in the religious
wars of the Spaniards.


WAYSIDE MONUMENTS.

The sketch on next page represents a curious custom which still
prevails in the neighbourhood of Cong, near Oughterard in Ireland.
It is well described in the following account of their tour by Mr.
and Mrs. S. C. Hall:--"On the way to Joyce's Country we saw heaps of
piled-up stones on either side of the road; these heaps continuing
for above a mile, after their commencement a short distance from the
western entrance to the town. The artist may convey a better notion
of their peculiar character than any written description can do. We
left our car to examine them minutely; and learned they were monuments
to the memory of "deceased" persons, "erected" by their surviving
friends. Upon death occurring, the primitive tumulus is built,--if
that may be called building which consists in placing a few large
stones upon a spot previously unoccupied. Each relative of the dead
adds to the heap; and in time it becomes a "mountain" of tolerable
size. Each family knows its own particular monument; and a member of,
or a descendant from it, prays and leaves his offering only at that
especial one. The custom has endured for many generations: some of the
heaps bore tokens of great age; and one was pointed out to us of which
there were records, in the transferred memories of the people, for at
least 500 years. The bodies are in no instance buried here--it is not
consecrated earth; the monuments are merely memorials, and no doubt
originated at a period when a Roman Catholic was, according to the
provisions of a law equally foolish and cruel, interred, without form
or ceremony, in church ground--the ground that had been the property
of their ancestors. None of these stone cairns have any masonwork, and
they are generally of the rudest forms, or rather without any form,
the stones having been carelessly cast one upon another. Upon one of
them only could we discover any inscription--this one is introduced
into the print; it is built with far more than the usual care; it
contained an inscription; "Pray for y{e} soule of John Joyce, & Mary
Joyce, his wife, died 1712;" some of them, however, seem to have been
constructed with greater care than others, and many of them were topped
with a small wooden cross. We estimated that there were at least 500
of these primitive monuments--of all shapes and sizes--along the road.
In each of them we observed a small hollow, which the peasants call
a "window;" most of these were full of pebbles, and upon inquiry we
learned that when one of the race to whom the deceased belonged kneels
by the side of this record to his memory and offers up a prayer for
the repose of his soul, it is customary to fling a little stone into
this "cupboard;" the belief being that gradually as it fills, so,
gradually, the soul is relieved from punishment in purgatory; when
completely full the soul has entered paradise. We have prolonged our
description of this singular and interesting scene, because it seems to
have been altogether overlooked by travellers, and because we believe
that nothing like it is to be met with in any other part of Ireland;
although similar objects are to be found in several other places about
Connemara, none of them, however, are so extensive as this which
adjoins Cong."

[Illustration: [++] Primitive Monuments.]


HINDOO ADORATION OF THE SÁLAGRÁM.

[Illustration: [++] Hindoo Adoration of the Sálagrám.]

Among the many forms which Vishnu is believed by his Hindoo worshippers
to have assumed is that of the Sálagrám--an ammonite-stone, found in
the river Gandaká and other streams flowing from the Himalayas. The
reason for the worship of this is stated in one of the sacred books.
"Vishnu created the nine planets to preside over the fates of men.
Sani (Saturn) proposed commencing his reign by taking Brahma under his
influence for twelve years. The matter was referred to Vishnu, who
being equally averse to be placed under the inauspicious influence of
this planet, requested him to call the next day. The next day Saturn
could nowhere discover Vishnu, but perceived that he had united himself
to the mountain Gandaká; he entered the mountain in the form of a
worm called Vajrakita (the thunderbolt worm). He continued to afflict
the mountain-formed Vishnu for twelve years, when Vishnu assumed his
proper shape, and commanded that the stones of this mountain should be
worshipped, and become proper representatives of himself; adding that
each should have twenty marks in it, similar to those on his body, and
that its name should be Sálagrám."

The Sálagrám is usually placed under a tulasi-tree, which is planted
on the top of a pillar in the vicinity of a temple of Vishnu, or near
a house. Tulasi, a female, desired to become Vishnu's wife, but was
metamorphosed by Lakshmi into a tree, a small shrub, called therefore
_Tulasi_, or holy basil (Ocymum Sanctum). Vishnu, however, promised
to assume the form of a Sálagrám, and always continue with her. The
Vaishnaya priests, therefore, keep one leaf of the shrub under and
another over the Sálagrám, and thus pay their adorations to the stone
and the tree. In the evening a lamp is placed near it. In the month
of May it is watered from a pot suspended over it, as appears in the
engraving, which represents a person engaged in the worship at this
singular shrine.


TOMB OF THE EMPEROR MAXIMILIAN AT INSPRUCK.

This majestic tomb is placed in the centre of the middle aisle of the
church, upon a platform approached by steps of red marble. The sides
of the tomb are divided into twenty-four compartments, of the finest
Carrara marble, on which are represented, in bas-relief, the most
interesting events of the emperor's warlike and prosperous career. The
workmanship of the tablets is exquisite; and, taken in connexion with
the lofty deeds they record, they form the most princely decorations
ever seen. Each of the tablets contributing to this splendid
lithobiography is in size 2 feet 4 inches by 1 foot 8 inches; and every
object contained therein is in the most perfect proportion, while the
exquisite finish of the heads and draperies requires a magnifying glass
to do it justice. The tomb is surmounted by a colossal figure in bronze
of the emperor, kneeling in the act of prayer; and around it are four
allegorical figures, of smaller size, also in bronze.

But, marvellous as is the elaborate beauty of this work, it is far from
being the most remarkable feature of this imperial mausoleum. Ranged in
two long lines, as if to guard it, stand twenty-eight colossal statues
in bronze, of whom twenty are kings and princes, alliances of the house
of Hapsburg, and eight their stately dames. Anything more impressive
than the appearance of these tall dark guardians of the tomb, some clad
in regal robes, some cased in armour, and all seeming animated by the
mighty power of the artist, it would be difficult to imagine.

In the death-like stillness of the church, the visitor who, for the
first time, contemplates this tomb and its gloomy guard, is struck by
a feeling of awe, approaching to terror. The statues, with life-like
individuality of attitude and expression--each solemn, mournful,
dignified, and graceful; and all seeming to dilate before the eye into
enormous dimensions, and, as if framed to scare intruders, endowed by
a power more than mortal, to keep watch and ward round the mighty dead.
They appear like an eternal procession of mourners, who, while earth
endures, will cease not to gaze on, mourn over, and protect the relics
of him who was the glory of their noble, long since fallen race.


THE FAYENCE OF HENRY II. OF FRANCE.

The earliest known fabric of this earthenware is that mysterious and
unique manufacture of the "Renaissance," the fine Fayence of Henry
II. The manufacture of this ware, which was at once carried to a high
degree of perfection, seems to have been suddenly and unaccountably
lost, without leaving any record of where or by whom it was produced.
By many it is supposed to be of Florentine manufacture, and to have
been sent by some of the relations of Catherine de Medicis as a present
to Henry II.; but it differs too essentially from Italian Majolica,
both in the paste of which it is composed, and in the style in which
it is decorated, to warrant such a conjecture. Italy does not possess
in her museums a single specimen of this ware, and of the thirty-seven
pieces extant, twenty-seven have been traced as coming from Touraine
and La Vendée. Many antiquaries, therefore, infer that the manufacture
was at Thouars, in Touraine, although the Fayence may have been the
work of an Italian artist.

But if the place of its manufacture is unknown, the pieces extant
clearly attest the period of its fabrication. The Salamander, and
other insignia of Francis I., are met with on the earlier specimens of
this pottery; but upon the majority of pieces, upon those more pure
in design and more beautiful in execution than the preceding, we find
the arms of Henry II., with his device, the three crescents, or his
initial H, interlaced with the two D's of the Duchesse de Valentinois.
Indeed, so constantly do her emblems appear upon the pieces, that the
ware, though usually designated as "Faïence de Henri II.," is sometimes
styled "Faïence de Diane de Poitiers." Even her widow's colours, black
and white, are the two which are employed in some of the finest pieces.
They were the fashionable colours of the court, Henry wore no others
during his life, and was attired in them in the fatal tournament in
which he fell. Her _impresa_, the crescent of Diana, is conspicuous on
his palaces, and he even caused it to be engraved upon his coins. From
these circumstances we must, therefore, conclude that the manufacture
of this ware began at the end of the reign of Francis I., was continued
under that of Henry II., and, as we find upon it the emblems of these
two princes only, we may naturally infer that it is of French origin.

The paste of which this Fayence is composed is equally distinct from
Majolica and Palissy ware. The two latter are both soft, whereas this,
on the contrary, is hard. It is a true pipeclay, very fine, and very
white, so as not to require, like the Italian Fayence, to be concealed
by a thick enamel, and the ornaments with which it is enriched are
simply covered with a thin, transparent, yellowish varnish.

The style of decoration in this ware is unique. Patterns or arabesques,
are engraved on the paste, and the indentures filled with coloured
pastes, so as to present an uniform, smooth surface, of the finest
inlaying, or resembling, rather, a model of Cellini's silver work,
chiselled and worked in niello. Hence it is sometimes styled "Faïence
a niellure." These patterns are sometimes disposed in zones of yellow
ochre, with borders of dark brown, sometimes of a pink, green, violet,
black, or blue; but the dark yellow ochre is the predominant colour.

[Illustration: [++] Fayence Candlestick.]

The collection of the late M. Préaux was the richest in the world in
the most beautiful examples of Fayence; it was disposed of by auction
about twelve years ago, in consequence of the death of the proprietor,
and the choicest specimen in it was the candlestick, of which we give
a figure, and which was purchased by Sir Anthony de Rothschild for
about £220, duty included. The surface is exquisitely enriched with
arabesque patterns, either in black upon a white ground, or in white
upon a black. The form is monumental, and in the finest style; three
figures of genii support escutcheons, bearing the arms of France,
and the double D. These genii stand upon masks, which are united by
garlands enamelled in green. The top of the candlestick terminates
in the form of a vase, and bears inscribed the fleurs-de-lys and the
monogram of our Saviour. This piece, for delicacy of detail and beauty
of execution, is unequalled by any specimen known of this exquisite
Fayence. Sir Anthony de Rothschild also purchased at M. Préaux's sale a
small cup, decorated in the same style, with the descents interlaced,
for which he gave 1300 francs. He, therefore, now is fortunate in
having the finest collection known of this ware, as, in addition to
the specimens already mentioned, he possesses two exquisite ewers of
the Henry II. Fayence. One he purchased at the sale of the Comte de
Monville for 2300 francs; the other, with a curious handle of elaborate
workmanship, he bought for nineteen guineas at Strawberry Hill, where
he also purchased a tripod salt-cellar, supported with scroll ornaments
for £21.


REFRESHMENTS FOR THE PULPIT.

In the books of Darlington parish church, the following items appear,
showing that, in the olden time, provision was made for comforting the
inner man: "Six quarts of sack to the minister who preached when he had
no minister to assist, 9s. For a quart of sack bestowed on Jillett,
when he preached, 2s. 6d. For a pint of brandy when Mr. George Bill
preached here, 1s. 4d. For a stranger who preached, a dozen of ale.
When the Dean of Durham preached here, spent in a treat in the house,
3s. 6d." This would hardly be considered orthodox at the present day.


BEDESMEN IN THE TIME OF HENRY VII.

[Illustration: [++] Bedesmen.]

Most of the monasteries in former times had hospitals of poor men and
women attached to them; generally either within the precincts or near
adjoining. Thus, at St. Edmund's Bury, there was St. John's Hospital,
or God's House, without the South Gate, and St. Nicholas' Hospital
without the East Gate, and St. Peter's Hospital without the Risby Gate,
and St. Saviour's Hospital without the North Gate,--all founded by
abbots of St. Edmund's. At Reading there was the Hospital of St. Mary
Magdalene for twelve leprous persons and chaplains, and the Hospital
of St. Lawrence for twenty-six poor people, and for the entertainment
of strangers and pilgrims, both founded by abbots of Reading. One at
the gate of Fountains' Abbey for poor persons and travellers; one
at Glastonbury, under the care of the almoner, for poor and infirm
persons. Thirteen was a favourite number for the inmates of a hospital.
From the initial letter of a deed in the British Museum (Harl. 1498),
by which King Henry VII. founded a fraternity of thirteen poor men in
Westminster Abbey, who were to be under the governance of the monks,
we take the accompanying illustration, which represents the abbot and
monks before the king, with a group of the king's bedesmen, each of
whom has the royal badge, a rose surmounted by a crown, on the shoulder
of his habit.


CHINESE GAMBLERS PLAYING FOR FINGERS.

The following strange account is taken from Hue's "Chinese Empire:--

"The Chinese are industrious and economical, but their cupidity, their
immoderate love of lucre, and their decided taste for stockjobbing
and speculation, easily tempts them to gambling, when they are not
engaged in traffic. They seek eagerly for strong excitements, and when
once they have got into the habit of gambling they seldom or never
recover from it. They cast aside every obligation of station, duty,
and family, to live only for cards and dice; and this fatal passion
gains such an empire over them, that they proceed even to the most
revolting extremities. When they have lost all their money they will
play for their houses, their land, and their wives even, whose destiny
often depends on a cast of the dice. Nay, the Chinese gambler does not
stop here, for he will stake the very clothes he has on for one game
more, and this horrible custom gives rise to scenes that would not be
credible, did we not know that the passions always tend to make men
cruel and inhuman.

"In the northern provinces, especially in the environs of the Great
Wall, you may sometimes meet, during the most intense cold of winter,
men running about in a state of complete nudity, having been driven
pitilessly from the gaming-houses when they had lost their all. They
rush about in all directions like madmen to try and save themselves
from being frozen, or crouch down against the chimneys, which in those
countries are carried along the walls of the houses, on a level with
the ground. They turn first one side towards the warmth, then the
other, while their gambling companions, far from trying to help them,
look on with ferocious and malignant hilarity. The horrible spectacle
seldom lasts long, for the cold soon seizes the unfortunate creatures,
and they fall down and die. The gamblers then return to their table,
and begin to play again with the most perfect composure. Such facts
as these will appear fabulous to many persons, but having resided
several years in the north of China, we can testify to their perfect
authenticity.

"These excesses seem surprising enough, but the truth is, that Chinese
gamblers have invented still more extraordinary methods of satisfying
their passion, which is really carried to absolute madness. Those who
have nothing more to lose will collect round a table and actually
play for _their fingers_, which they will cut off reciprocally with
frightful stoicism. We had thought to pass over these revolting
particulars, for we do not like to put the confidence of our readers
to too great a trial. We have a strong objection to relating things
that, although we know them to be strictly true, have an improbable
appearance. But these facts concerning Chinese gamblers were known, and
commented upon, by the Arab travellers in the ninth century. Here is a
passage on the subject from the 'Chain of Chronicles,' from which we
have already quoted more than once:--

"'Amongst men of a volatile and boastful character, those who belong
to the lower classes, and who have no money, will sometimes play for
the fingers of their hands. During the game, they keep by them a vase
containing nut, or sesame oil, for olive oil is not known in this
country. A fire is kept burning under it, and between the two players
is placed a small but very sharp hatchet. The one who wins then takes
the hand of the loser, places it on a stone and cuts off one of his
fingers with the hatchet; the piece falls, and the vanquished party
immediately dips his hand into the hot oil, which cauterises the wound.
This operation does not prevent the players from beginning again. Some
will take a match, dip it in oil, place it on their arms, and set fire
to it; the match burns, and you can smell the odour of the consuming
flesh, but the man goes on with his game, and exhibits no sign of
pain.'"


ENTRY OF THE FRENCH AMBASSADOR INTO LONDON, IN 1698.

The following is an extract from the "Flying Post," of May 17, 1698:--

"Yesterday, (Monday, May 16,) in the afternoon, Count Tallard, the
French Ambassador, made his public entry. The Earl Marshal's men came
first, then followed the Earl of Macclesfield's footmen, after them
twenty of the Ambassador's footmen, in red liveries with gold lace;
then came two of the Ambassador's gentlemen and six pages on horseback;
next came two heralds before His Majesty's coach, in which His
Excellency the Ambassador, the Earl of Macclesfield, and some others
of quality: after them came three of His Royal Highness the Prince of
Denmark's coaches, and next, three of the Ambassador's coaches, the
first of them very rich, and drawn by eight horses; then followed His
Grace the Duke of Norfolk's coach, with about forty-seven more, drawn
by six horses each. There was a splendid entertainment prepared for His
Excellency at Ossulston House, in St. James's Square."


EXPENSES AT CORONATIONS.

The quantity of provisions consumed at the feasts given by some of our
early Kings, was extraordinarily great. For that of King Edward I.
February 10th, 1274, the different Sheriffs were ordered to furnish
butcher meat at Windsor, in the following proportions:--

                                      Oxen.  Swine.  Sheep.  Fowls.
  Sheriff of Gloucester,                60    101      60    3,000
      "      Bucks and Bedford          40     66      40    2,100
      "      Oxford                     40     67      40    2,100
      "      Kent                       40     67      40    2,100
      "      Surrey and Sussex          40     67      40    2,100
      "      Warwick and Leicester      60     98      40    3,000
      "      Somerset and Dorset       100    176     110    5,000
      "      Essex                      60    101      60    3,160
                                      ----   ----    ----   ------
  Total, twelve counties               440    743     430   22,560

In the year 1307, King Edward II. issued an order to the seneschal
of Gascony, and constable of Bordeaux, to provide a thousand pipes
of good wine, and send them to London, to be used at the approaching
coronation. The purchase and freight were to be paid by a company
of Florentine merchants, who farmed the revenues of Gascony. The
coronation oath was first taken by Ethelred II., A.D. 979; that now
used in 1377. It was amended in 1689. The first coronation sermon was
preached in 1041. The following statement of the prices given for
seats, to obtain a view of passing objects during the coronations of
former times, may, perhaps, prove interesting:--

The price of a good place at the coronation of William the Conqueror,
was a _blank_; at that of his son, William Rufus, the same. At Henry
I's., it was a _crocard_; at Stephen's and Henry II.'s, it was a
_pollard_. At Richard's, and King John's, it was a _fuskin_. It rose
at the 3d. Henry's, to a _dodkin_. In the reign of Edward, the coin
begins to be more intelligible; and we find that, for a seat, to view
his coronation, a _Q_ was given, or the half of a ferling, or farthing,
the fourth part of a sterling, or penny. At the 2d. Edward's, it was a
farthing; and at his son's, Edward III. a halfpenny. At Richard II.'s
it was a penny, and continued the same to that of Henry IV. inclusive.
At the 5th Henry's, it was _two pennies_; and similar prices were
paid at the coronations of Henry VI., Edward IV., Edward V., Richard
III., and Henry VII. At that of Henry VIII. it was a _grossus_, or
groat; and the same was paid at that of Edward VI. and Queen Mary's.
At Queen Elizabeth's, it rose to _a testoon_, or _tester_. At those of
James I. and Charles I. _a shilling_ was given; which was advanced to
_half-a-crown_, at those of Charles II. and James II. At King William's
and Queen Anne's it was _a crown_, and the same at that of George I.
At George II.'s _half-a-guinea_, and, afterwards, at George III.'s _a
guinea_ was the common charge. But, at that of George IV, as high as
_forty guineas_ were given for a single seat.


CURIOUS ANTIQUE SWORD.

The engraving which accompanies this article is a sketch of the upper
part of an antique Danish sword, which was found, together with several
other weapons, by the labourers who were engaged in the construction of
the railway from Dublin to Cashel.

[Illustration: [++] Antique Danish Sword.]

The discovery of the weapons was made at a locality called Island
Bridge, and many of them were fortunately secured for the Museum of the
Royal Irish Academy, where they may now be seen. The swords are long
and straight, formed for cutting as well as thrusting, and terminate in
points formed by rounding off the edge towards the back of the blade.
The hilts are very remarkable in form, and in one or two instances,
like the example we have engraved, are highly ornamented. The mountings
are generally of a kind of brass, but several richly plated with silver
were found, and it is said that one of them had a hilt of solid gold.
The spears are long and slender, and similar in form to the lance-heads
used in some of the cavalry corps.

All these weapons, with one exception, are composed of a soft kind of
iron. Many of the swords were found doubled up, a circumstance for
which it is difficult to assign a reason, as they had evidently been
purposely bent. The sword we have represented in our engraving, is
remarkable for the unusual degree of ornament which appears upon its
hilt, and also for its material, steel.


DINNER IN CHINA.

It is certain that a real Chinese dinner would be a very odd thing in
the eyes of a stranger, especially if he were one of those who think,
as some people do, that there is only one way of living. To begin
dinner with the dessert, and end it with the soup; to drink the wine
smoking hot, out of little china cups, and have your food brought to
you ready cut up into small pieces, and to be presented with a couple
of sticks, instead of a knife and fork, to eat it with; to have,
instead of napkins, a provision of little bits of silk paper by the
side of your plate, which, as you use, the attendants carry off; to
leave your place between the courses, to smoke or amuse yourself;
and to raise your chop-sticks to your forehead, and then place them
horizontally upon your cup, to signify that you have finished your
dinner;--all these things would doubtless seem very odd, and create the
curiosity of Europeans. The Chinese, on the other hand, can never get
over their surprise at our way of dining. They ask how we can like to
drink cold fluids, and what can have put it into our heads to make use
of a trident to carry food to our mouths, at the risk of pricking our
lips or poking our eyes out. They think it very droll to see nuts put
on the table in their shell, and ask why our servants cannot take the
trouble to peel the fruit, and take the bones out of the meat. They are
themselves certainly not very difficult in the nature of their food,
and like such things as fried silkworms and preserved larvæ, but they
cannot understand the predilection of our epicures for _high_ game, nor
for cheese that appears to belong to the class of animated beings.


CISTERN OF MAJOLICA WARE.

[Illustration: [++] Cistern of Majolica Ware.]

We have engraved the annexed, as it affords at once both a beautiful
specimen of the potter's art, and also an example of the taste and
luxury of the present day in articles of expensive ornament. It is a
cistern made of Majolica, or the enamelled pottery of Italy, the most
beautiful specimens of which were made in the sixteenth century. The
one before us came to England from the collection of the Borghese
Palace; and at the great sale at Stowe, the seat of the Duke of
Buckingham, was disposed of by auction for sixty-four guineas, and this
although it was much broken.


THEATRES IN THE TIME OF SHAKSPEARE.

In Blackfriars was a theatre, the memory of which with the one or the
other shore of the river at Bankside, enjoys the honour of having been
used for the first representations of many of Shakspeare's plays, and
where the bard himself performed in them. The whole district becomes
classic, from the remembrance. The following interesting description
of the theatres in London at that time, and which applies to the
Blackfriars' theatre as we well as the rest, is taken from a short
memoir of Shakspeare, by the Rev. Alexader Dyce, prefixed to the Aldine
edition of Shakspeare's poems: "Nearly all these buildings, it is
probable, were constructed of wood. Those which, for some undiscovered
reason, were termed private theatres, were entirely roofed in from
the weather, while the public theatres were open to the sky, except
over the stage and galleries. On the outside of each was exhibited
a sign indicative of its name; and on the roof, during the time of
performance, was hoisted a flag. The interior arrangements resemble
those of the present day. There were tiers of galleries or _scaffolds_;
beneath these the boxes or _rooms_, intended for persons of the higher
class, and which at the private theatres were secured with locks,
the keys being given to the individuals who engaged them; and there
was the centre area, (separated, it seems, from the stage by pales),
at the private theatres, termed the _pit_, and furnished with seats;
but at the public theatres, called the _yard_, and affording no such
accommodation. Cressets, or large open lanterns, served to illuminate
the body of the house; and two ample branches, of a form similar to
those now hung in churches, gave light to the stage. The band of
musicians, which was far from numerous, sat, it is supposed, in an
upper balcony, over what is now called the stage box: the instruments
chiefly used were trumpets, cornets, hautboys, lutes, recorders, viols,
and organs. The amusements of the audience previous to the commencement
of the play, were reading, playing at cards, smoking tobacco, drinking
ale, and eating nuts and apples. Even during the performance it was
customary for wits, critics, and young gallants, who were desirous of
attracting attention, to station themselves on the stage, either lying
on the rushes or seated on hired stools, while their pages furnished
them with pipes and tobacco. At the third sounding, or flourish of
trumpets, the exhibition began. The curtain, which concealed the
stage from the audience, was then drawn, opening in the middle, and
running upon iron rods. Other curtains, called _traverses_, were used
as a substitute for scenes. At the back of the stage was a balcony,
the platform of which was raised about eight or nine feet from the
ground; it served as a window, gallery, or upper chamber. From it
a portion of the dialogue was sometimes spoken, and in front of it
curtains were suspended to conceal, if necessary, those who occupied
it, from the audience. The internal roof of the stage, either painted
blue or adorned with drapery of that colour, was termed the _heavens_.
The stage was generally strewed with rushes, but on extraordinary
occasions was matted. There is reason to believe that, when tragedies
were performed, it was hung with black. Moveable painted scenery there
was assuredly none. A board, containing the name of the place of
action in large letters, was displayed in some conspicuous situation.
Occasionally, when some change of scene was necessary, the audience
was required to suppose that the performers, who had not quitted the
boards, had retired to a different spot. A bed thrust forth showed that
the stage was a bed-chamber; and a table, with pen and ink, indicated
that it was a counting-house. Rude contrivances were employed to
imitate towers, walls of towns, hell-mouths, tombs, trees, dragons, &c.
Trap-doors had been early in use; but to make a celestial personage
ascend to the roof of the stage was more than the machinists of the
theatre could always accomplish. The price of admission appears to have
varied according to the rank and estimation of the theatres. A shilling
was charged for a place in the best boxes; the entrance-money to the
pit and galleries was the same--sixpence, twopence, and a penny. The
performance commenced at three in the afternoon."


OLD CUSTOM RELATING TO CRIMINALS.

The custom of offering doomed criminals a last earthly draught of
refreshment is undoubtedly one of considerable antiquity. The right
of offering wine to criminals, on their passage to the scaffold, was
often a privilege granted to religious communities. In Paris, the
privilege was held by the convent of Filles-Dieu, the nuns of which
kept wine prepared for those who were condemned to suffer on the gibbet
of Montfaucon. The gloomy procession halted before the gate of the
monastery, the criminal descended from the cart, and the nuns, headed
by the Lady Abbess, received him on the steps with as much, perhaps
more, heartfelt ceremony than if he had been a king. The poor wretch
was led to a crucifix near the church door, the feet whereof he humbly
kissed. He then received, from the hands of the Superior, three pieces
of bread (to remind him of the Trinity), and _one_ glass of wine
(emblem of Unity). The procession then resumed its dread way to the
scaffold.


ALE TOO STRONG.

A memorial signed by nineteen inhabitants of Bayton, in Worcestershire,
was sent to the Sessions in the year 1612, setting forth "that John
Kempster and John Byrd do not sell their ale according to the law,
but doe sell a pynte for a penny, and doe make ytt soe extraordynarye
strong that itt draweth dyvers ydle p'sons into the said alehouses,
by reason whereof sondrye assaults, affrayes, blodshedds, and other
misdeameanors, are there daylie comytted by idle and dronken companie
which doe thither resort and there contineue in their dronckenes three
days and three nights together, and also divers men's sonnes and
servants do often resort and contineue drinking in the said houses day
and night, whereupon divers disorders and abuses are offered to the
inhabitants of Bayton aforesaid, as in pulling down styles, in carrying
away of yertes, in throwing men's waynes, plowes, and such like things,
into pooles, wells, and other bye places, and in putting their yokes
for their oxen into lakes and myery places, &c." A nice picture of
young England in the seventeenth century.


A CHAPTER-HOUSE IN THE TIME OF HENRY VII.

In abbey-churches of the olden time the Chapter-house was always on the
east side of the court. In establishments of secular canons it seems
to have been always multisided, with a central pillar to support its
groining, and a lofty, conical, lead-covered roof. In these instances
it is placed in the open space eastward of the cloister, and is usually
approached by a passage from the east side of the cloister court. In
the houses of all the other orders the chapter-house is rectangular,
even where the church is a cathedral. Usually, then, the chapter-house
is a rectangular building on the east side of the cloister, and
frequently its longest apsis is east and west--at Durham it has an
eastern apsis. It was a large and handsome room, with a good deal of
architectural ornament; often the western end of it is divided off as a
vestibule or ante-room; and generally it is so large as to be divided
into two or three aisles by rows of pillars. Internally, rows of stalls
or benches were arranged round the walls for the convent; there was a
higher seat at the east end for the abbot or prior, and a desk in the
middle from which certain things were read. Every day after the service
called Tierce, the convent walked in procession from the choir to the
chapter-house, and took their proper places. When the abbot had taken
his place, the monks descended one step and bowed; he returned their
salutation, and all took their seats. A sentence of the rule of the
order was read by one of the novices from the desk, and the abbot, or
in his absence, the prior, delivered an explanatory or hortatory sermon
upon it; then, from another portion of the book was read the names
of brethren, and benefactors, and persons who had been received into
fraternity, whose decease had happened on that day of the year; and the
convent prayed a _requiescat in pace_ for their souls, and the souls
of all the faithful departed this life. Then members of the convent
who had been guilty of slight breaches of discipline confessed them,
kneeling upon a low stool in the middle, and on a bow from the abbot,
intimating his remission of the breach, they resumed their seats. If
any had a complaint to make against any brother, it was here made and
adjudged. Convent business was also transacted. The woodcut gives an
example of the kind. Henry VII. had made grants to Westminster Abbey,
on condition that the convent performed certain religious services on
his behalf; and in order that the services should not fall into disuse,
he directed that yearly, at a certain period, the chief justice, or
the king's attorney, or the recorder of London, should attend in
chapter, and the abstract of the grant and agreement between the king
and the convent should be read. The grant which was thus to be read
still exists in the British Museum; it is written in a volume superbly
bound, with the royal seals attached in silver cases; it is from the
illuminated letter at the head of one of the deeds that our woodcut is
taken. It rudely represents the chapter-house, with the chief-justice
and a group of lawyers on one side, the abbot and convent on the other,
and a monk reading the grant from the desk in the midst.

[Illustration: [++] Chapter-House in the time of Henry VII.]


ANNE BOLEYN's GLOVES.

Anne Boleyn was marvellously dainty about her gloves. She had a nail
which turned up at the side, and it was the delight of Queen Catharine
to make her play at cards, without her gloves, in order that the
deformity might disgust King Hal. The good Queen Bess was extravagant,
fastidious, and capricious in the extreme, about her gloves. She used
to display them to advantage in playing the virginal, and gloves at
that time were expensive articles.


DELLA ROBBIA WARE.

Luca della Robbia, born in 1388, was an eminent sculptor in marble and
bronze, and worked both at Florence and at Rimini. Having abandoned his
original employment for that of modelling in terra cotta, he succeeded,
after many experiments, in making a white enamel, with which he coated
his works, and thus rendered them durable. Vasari writes of him, "che
faceva l'opere di terra quasi eterne." His chief productions are
Madonnas, Scripture subjects, figures, and architectural ornaments:
they are by far the finest works ever executed in pottery. He adorned
the Italian churches with tiles, as well as with altar-pieces, in terra
cotta enamelled; and he is the founder of a school which produced works
not much inferior to his own. The "Petit Château de Madrid," in the
Bois de Boulogne, near Paris, received the appellation of "Château de
Fayence," from having been ornamented with enamelled tiles, the work
of an Italian artist, named Girolamo della Robbia, a grand nephew of
Luca, whom Francis I. brought from Italy. This château is now wholly
destroyed. The tiles seem to have been introduced into portions of the
architectural composition, rather as accessory ornaments than as a
"lining" or revêtement of the walls. Analogous ornaments, the work of
Luca de Maiano, 1521, were to be seen in the old gate, Whitehall, and
at Hampton Court.

[Illustration: [++] Della Robbia Ware.]

Luca della Robbia sometimes, though rarely, used a coloured instead
of white enamel in his compositions. The above cut represents the
altar-piece of San Miniato, near Florence, by him. The ground is blue,
the figures white, the fruits, &c., gold colour, and the garlands green.


VOLCANIC ERUPTION IN JAPAN.

The peninsula of Wountsendake, and the greater part of Kewsew,
bristle with volcanic mountains, some extinct, others still acting as
safety-valves to the incomprehensible excitements of mother Earth; but
of all the manifestations of her internal throes and torment, and their
consequent desolation inflicted on the habitations of her children,
that of 1792 was the most terrible for ages before.

"On the eighteenth day of the first month of that year," says the
_Annals of Japan_, "the summit of the mountain was seen to crumble
suddenly, and a thick smoke rose in the air. On the sixth of the
following month there was an eruption in a spur on the eastern slope
of the mountain. On the second of the third month an earthquake shook
the whole island. At Simabara, the nearest town to the mountain, all
the houses were thrown down, amidst a general terror and consternation,
the shocks following each other with frightful rapidity. Wountsendake
incessantly sent forth a hail-storm of stones, showers of ashes, and
streams of lava, which devastated the country for many leagues round.
At length, on the first day of the fourth month, there was a new
commotion, which increased in intensity from moment to moment.

"Simabara was now a vast heap of ruins. Enormous blocks of rock,
tumbling from the top of the mountain, crushed and ground to atoms all
beneath them. Thunder rolled overhead, and dreadful sounds rumbled
beneath the feet at one and the same time. All of a sudden, after an
interval of calm, when men thought the scourge had passed over, the
northern spur of Wountsendake, the Moikenyamma, burst forth with a
tremendous detonation. A vast portion of that mountain was blown into
the air. Colossal masses fell into the sea. A stream of boiling water
rushed forth foaming from the cracks of this new volcano, and sped to
the ocean, which at the same time advanced and flooded the land."

Then was seen a sight never seen before, intensifying the terror of
the innumerable witnesses of that terrible day, which might well seem
a Day of Judgment come. From the conflict of the boiling waters of
the volcano with the cold waters of the tempestuous ocean, suddenly
mingled, there arose waterspouts which ravaged the land in their
devouring gyrations.

The disasters caused by this accumulation of catastrophes, earthquakes,
volcanic eruptions, waterspouts, inundations, united together, exceed
belief. Not a single house of Simabara and its environs was spared:
only the citadel remained, whose Cyclopean walls were formed of
gigantic blocks of stone. The convulsions of nature on that day so
changed the coast-line, that the most experienced mariners could not
recognise its once familiar shape and bendings.

Fifty-three thousand persons perished on that fatal day.


ORIGIN OF THE HOUSE OF MULGRAVE.

The first diving bell was nothing but a very large kettle, suspended
by ropes, with the mouth downwards, and planks to sit on fixed in
the middle of its concavity. The Greeks at Toledo, in 1588, made an
experiment before the Emperor Charles V. with it, when they descended
with a lighted candle to a considerable depth. In 1683 William Phipps,
the son of a blacksmith, formed a project for unloading a rich Spanish
ship, sunk at Hispaniola; Charles II. gave him a ship, with every
necessary for the undertaking; but being unsuccessful, Phipps returned
in great poverty. He then endeavoured to procure another vessel,
but failing, he got a subscription, to which the Duke of Albemarle
contributed. In 1687, Phipps set sail in a ship of 200 tons, having
previously engaged to divide the profits according to the twenty
shares of which the subscription consisted. At first all his labours
proved fruitless, but at length, when he seemed almost to despair, he
was fortunate enough to bring up so much treasure that he returned to
England with £200,000 sterling. Of this sum he got about £20,000, and
the Duke of Albemarle £90,000. Phipps was knighted by the king, and
laid the foundation of the present house of Mulgrave.


SHRINE OF ST. SEBALD AT NUREMBURG.

The city of Nuremberg--the birthplace of Albert Durer--is enriched with
many works of high art. The most remarkable is the bronze shrine of St.
Sebald, the work of Peter Vischer and his five sons, which still stands
in all its beauty in the elegant church dedicated to the saint. The
sketch on next page is a correct representation of it.

[Illustration: [++] Shrine of St. Sebald.]

The shrine encloses, amid the most florid Gothic architecture, the
oaken chest encased with silver plates, containing the body of the
venerated saint: this rests on an altar decorated with basso-relievos,
depicting his miracles. The architectural portion of this exquisite
shrine partakes of the characteristics of the _Rennaissance_ forms
engrafted on the mediæval, by the influence of Italian art. Indeed,
the latter school is visible as the leading agent throughout the
entire composition. The figures of the Twelve Apostles and others
placed around it, scarcely seem to belong to German art; they are
quite worthy of the best _Transalpine_ master. The grandeur, breadth,
and repose of these wonderful statues, cannot be excelled. Vischer
seems to have completely freed his mind from the conventionalities of
his native schools: we have here none of the constrained, "crumpled
draperies," the home studies for face and form so strikingly present in
nearly all the works of art of this era, but noble figures of the men
elevated above the earthly standard by companionship with the Saviour,
exhibiting their high destiny by a noble bearing, worthy of the solemn
and glorious duties they were devoted to fulfil. We gaze on these
figures as we do on the works of Giotto and Fra Angelico, until we feel
human nature may lose nearly all of its debasements before the "mortal
coil" is "shuffled off," and that mental goodness may shine through and
glorify its earthly tabernacle, and give an assurance in time present
of the superiorities of an hereafter. Dead, indeed, must be the soul
that can gaze on such works unmoved, appealing, as they do, to our
noblest aspirations, and vindicating humanity from its fallen position,
by asserting its innate, latent glories. Here we feel the truth of the
scriptural phrase--"In his own image made he them."

The memory of Peter Vischer is deservedly honoured by his townsmen.
The street in which his house is situated, like that in which Durer's
stands, has lost its original name, and is now only known as Peter
Vischer's Strasse; but these two artists are the only ones thus
distinguished. Vischer was born in 1460, and died in 1529. He was
employed by the warden of St. Sebald's, and magistrate of Nuremberg,
Sebald Schreyer, to construct this work in honour of his patron saint;
he began it in 1506, and finished it in 1519. Thirteen years of labour
were thus devoted to its completion, for which he received seven
hundred and seventy florins. "According to this tradition, Vischer
was miserably paid for this great work of labour and art; and he
has himself recorded, in an inscription upon the monument, that 'he
completed it for the praise of God Almighty alone, and the honour of
St. Sebald, Prince of Heaven, by the aid of pious persons, paid by
their voluntary contributions.'" The elaboration of the entire work is
marvellous; it abounds with fanciful figures, seventy-two in number,
disposed among the ornaments, or acting as supporters to the general
composition. Syrens hold candelabra at the angles; and the centre has
an air of singular lightness and grace. It is supported at the base
by huge snails. At the western end there is a small bronze statue of
Vischer; he holds his chisel in his hand, and in his workman's dress,
with capacious leather apron, stands unaffectedly forth as a true,
honest labourer, appealing only to such sympathies as are justly due to
one who laboured so lovingly and so well.


A GREAT RESULT FROM TRIVIAL CIRCUMSTANCES.

That magnificent institution of active benevolence, Guy's Hospital,
is one among a numerous list of instances where trifling events have
produced most disproportionate consequences.

[Illustration: [++] Thomas Guy.]

Thomas Guy, of whom the above is a sketch, taken from an old print, was
the son of Thomas Guy an Anabaptist, lighterman and coal-dealer, in
Horsleydown, Southwark. He was put apprentice in 1660 to a bookseller
in the porch of Mercer's Chapel, and set up trade with a stock of about
two hundred pounds, in the house that forms the angle between Cornhill
and Lombard-street. The English Bibles being at that time very badly
printed, Mr. Guy engaged with others in a scheme for printing them in
Holland and importing them; but this being put a stop to, he contracted
with the University of Oxford for their privilege of printing them,
and carried on a great Bible trade for many years to considerable
advantage. He thus began to accumulate money, and his gains rested in
his hands, for being a single man, and very penurious, his expenses
were very trifling. His custom was to dine on his shop counter, with
no other table-cloth than an old newspaper; he was also as little nice
in regard to his dress. The bulk of his fortune, however, was acquired
by the less reputable purchase of seamen's tickets during Queen Anne's
wars, and by the South Sea stock in the memorable year 1720.

In proof of what we said at the outset, it is a fact that the public
are indebted to a most trifling incident for the greatest part of
his immense fortunes being applied to charitable uses. Guy had a
maid-servant whom he agreed to marry; and preparatory to his nuptials
he had ordered the pavement before his door to be mended as far as a
particular stone which he marked. The maid, while her master was out,
innocently looking on the paviours at work, saw a broken place they had
not repaired, and mentioned it to them; but they told her that Mr. Guy
had desired them not to go so far. "Well," says she, "do you mend it;
tell him I bade you, and I know he will not be angry." It happened,
however, that the poor girl presumed too much on her influence over
her wary lover, with whom the charge of a few shillings extraordinary
turned the scale against her, for Guy, enraged to find his orders
exceeded, renounced the matrimonial scheme, and built hospitals in
his old age. In 1707 he built and furnished three wards on the north
side of the outer court of St. Thomas's Hospital, and gave one hundred
pounds to it annually for eleven years preceding the erection of his
own hospital.

Sometime before his death he erected the stately gate with the large
houses on each side, at the expense of about three thousand pounds.
He was seventy-six years of age when he formed the design of building
the hospital near St. Thomas's, which bears his name. The charge of
erecting this vast pile amounted to £18,793, besides £219,499 which he
left to endow it, and he just lived to see it roofed in.

He erected and endowed an almshouse and library at Tamworth, the place
of his mother's nativity, and which he represented in Parliament. It
contains fourteen poor men and women, and the fund provides also for
the apprenticing of poor children. He also bequeathed four hundred
pounds a-year to Christ's Hospital.

Mr. Guy died December 17th, 1724 in the eighty-first year of his age,
and his will bears date September 4th, in the same year.


PHAROS AT ALEXANDRIA.

To render the harbour safe of approach at all times, Ptolemy Soter,
who, on the death of Alexander, obtained the government of Egypt,
determined on erecting a lighthouse on the eastern extremity of the
isle of Pharos, the celebrity of which has given the same name to all
other lighthouses.

This "pharos" was in height 450 feet, and could be seen at a distance
of 100 miles. It was built of several stories, decreasing in dimension
towards the top, where fires were lighted in a species of lantern. The
ground-floor and the two next above it were hexagonal; the fourth was a
square with a round tower at each angle; the fifth floor was circular,
continued to the top, to which a winding staircase conducted. In the
upper galleries some mirrors were arranged in such a manner as to show
the ships and objects at sea for some considerable distance. On the top
a fire was constantly kept, to direct sailors into the bay, which was
dangerous and difficult of access.

The whole of this masterpiece of art was exquisitely wrought in stone,
and adorned with columns, balustrades, and ornaments, worked in the
finest marble. To protect the structure from the ocean storms, it was
surrounded entirely by a sea wall. Ancient writers say the building of
this tower cost 800 talents, which is equivalent to £165,000, if Attic
talents; but if Alexandrian, double that sum.

The building was not completed during the reign of the first Ptolemy,
but was finished in the reign of his son Ptolemy Philadelphus, who put
this inscription upon it:--

     "King Ptolemy, to the Gods the Saviours, for the benefit of
     sailors."

Sostratus the architect, wishing to claim all the glory of the
building, engraved his own name on the solid marble, and afterwards
coated it with cement. Thus, when time had decayed the mortar Ptolemy's
name disappeared, and the following inscription became visible:--

     "Sostratus the Cnidian, to the Gods the Saviours, for the benefit
     of sailors."

Of this remarkable tower not a vestige remains, and history gives us
no further information than we have here: of its gradual decay or of
its violent destruction we have no record; but that such a structure
as described stood there, there can be not a shadow of doubt, from the
fact that all buildings for like purposes among the Greeks and Romans
derive their designation from this.


SEPULCHRAL VASES OF ANCIENT EGYPT.

[Illustration: [++] Sepulchral Vase.]

In ancient Egypt terra-cotta pottery was extensively made use of for
vases or jars to hold the entrails of the dead. In order to preserve
the body effectually, it was necessary to remove the softer portions,
such as the thoracic and abdominal viscera, and these were embalmed
separately. In some instances they were returned into the stomach,
with wax models of four deities, commonly called the four genii of
the Ament or Hades. It was, however, usual in the embalmment of the
wealthier classes to soak them carefully in the requisite preparations,
tie them up in neat cylindrical packets, and deposit them in vases
having the shape of the four genii. The bodies of these deities, which
were usually represented as mummied, formed the bodies of the vases,
and were cylindrical below and rounded above. The mouths of the jars
were sometimes countersunk to receive the lower part of the covers
which fitted into them like a plug. The jar of the first genius, whose
name was _Am-set_, "the devourer of filth," held the stomach and large
intestines, and was formed at the top like a human head. This genius
typified, or presided over the southern quarter of the compass. He
was the son of Osiris or of Phtha Socharis Osiris, the pygmean god
of Memphis. The second vase of the series was in the shape of the
genius Hapi, the "concealed." Its cover was shaped like the head of a
cynocephalus, and it held the smaller viscera. This genius presided
over the north, and was also the son of Osiris. The third vase was that
of the genius Trautmutf, "the adorer of his mother." We here annex an
engraving of it. It had a cover in shape of the head of a jackal, and
held the lungs and heart. This genius presided over the East, and was
brother of the preceding. The last was that of the genius Kebhsnuf,
the refresher of his brethren. It had a cover shaped like the head
of a sparrow-hawk, and held the liver and gall-bladder. This genius
presided over the west, and was also brother of the preceding. Three
vases of a set, in the British Museum, have all human-shaped heads, and
are provided with handles at the sides of the bodies. Specimens of a
very unusual kind are also to be found in the same collection, having
the whole body formed without a cover, in the shape of a dome above,
and surmounted by a rudely modelled figure of a jackal, couchant upon
a gateway, formed of a detached piece. The entrails were introduced by
the rectangular orifice in the upper part. In some other instances the
covers appear to have been secured by cords passing through them to
the body of the vase. When secured, the vases were placed in a wooden
box, which was laid on a sledge and carried to the sepulchre, where
they were often taken out and placed, two on each side of the coffin.
It was only the poorer classes that used pottery for these purposes.
The viscera of high officers of state were embalmed in jars of fine
white limestone, and the still more valuable oriental alabasters or
arragonite, obtained from the quarries of Tel El Amarna, or the ancient
Alabastron.


THE SACRO CATINO.

The celebrated "Sacro Catino," part of the spoil taken by the Genoese
at the storming of Cesarea, which was believed to be cut from a single
emerald, and had, according to tradition, been presented by the Queen
of Sheba to Solomon, was for ages the pride and glory of Genoa, and an
object of the greatest devotional reverence at the yearly exhibitions,
which were attended with great pomp and ceremony. Such was the opinion
of its intrinsic value, that on many occasions the republic borrowed
half a million of ducats upon the security of this precious relic.
When the French armies, during the first Revolution, plundered Italy
of its treasures, it was sent with other spoils to Paris. Upon
examination, it was, instead of emerald, proved to be composed of
glass, similar to that found in the Egyptian tombs, of which country it
was, no doubt, the manufacture. At the Restoration the Sacro Catino was
returned in a broken state, and now lies shorn of all its honours, a
mere broken glass vessel, in the sacristy of the Church of San Lorenzo.


DINNER PARTY IN THE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY.

[Illustration: [++] Dinner Party in the Seventeenth Century.]

The cut which we here present to our readers is taken from the English
edition of the Janua Linguarum of Comenius, and represents the forms of
dining in England under the Protectorate. It will be best described by
the text which accompanies it in the book, and in which each particular
object is mentioned. "When a feast is made ready," we are told, "the
table is covered with a carpet and a table-cloth by the waiters, who,
besides, lay the trenchers, spoons, knives, with little forks, table
napkins, bread, with a salt-cellar Messes are brought in platters, a
pie in a plate. The guests being brought in by the host, wash their
hands out of a laver or ewer, over a hand-basin, or bowl, and wipe
them with a hand towel: they then sit at the table on chairs. The
carver breaketh up the good cheer, and divideth it. Sauces are set
amongst roste-meat in sawsers. The butler filleth strong wine out of a
cruse, or wine-pot, or flagon, into cups or glasses, which stand on a
cupboard, and he reacheth them to the master of the feast, who drinketh
to his guests." It will be observed here that one salt-cellar is here
placed in the middle of the table. This was the usual custom; and, as
one long table had been substituted for the several tables formerly
standing in the hall, the salt-cellar was considered to divide the
table into distinct parts, guests of more distinction being placed
above the salt, while the places below the salt were assigned to
inferiors and dependents. This usage is often alluded to in the old
dramatists. Thus, in Ben Jonson, it is said of a man who treats his
inferiors with scorn, "he never drinks _below the salt_, _i. e._ he
never exchanges civilities with those who sit at the lower end of the
table." And in a contemporary writer, it is described as a mark of
presumption in an inferior member of the household "to sit above the
salt."


SAND-COLUMNS IN AFRICA.

Of this remarkable phenomenon, we extract the following interesting
account from the Rev. N. Davis's "Evenings in my Tent";--

"The heat, during the last day or two, has been intense. The
thermometer in my tent, during day and night, has been almost
stationary at 100 degrees. My men have done, and still do, everything
in their power to keep the tent cool, by erecting a high palm-branch
fence around it, and by a constant immersion of the ground, but all
this to very little effect. The wind, during this day, has been as
hot as the flames issuing from a furnace; and the clouds of sand it
raised, and carried along in its furious march, have been immense.
In the distance could be seen numbers of sand columns; but these did
not retain their form any considerable length of time. A contrary
blast brought them in collision with each other; and these, blending
their contents, raised a complete and dense barrier between us and the
country beyond. I am no lover of danger; but, I must confess, I had
an inward desire to see this phenomenon--one of the horrors of the
desert--in greater perfection. I believe Bruce witnessed one of the
most stupendous exhibitions of sand columns or sand spouts, caused by
circular or whirl-winds, on record. In his journey through the desert
of Senaar, his attention was attracted to a number of prodigious
pillars of sand, at different distances, moving at times with great
celerity, at others, stalking on with majestic slowness: at intervals,
he thought they were coming in a very few minutes to overwhelm him and
his companions. Again they would retreat, so as to be almost out of
sight, their tops reaching to the very clouds. There the tops often
separated, from the bodies; and these, once disjoined, dispersed in
the air, and appeared no more. Sometimes they were broken near the
middle, as if struck with a large cannon-shot. About noon, they began
to advance with considerable swiftness upon them, the wind being very
strong at north. Eleven of these awful visitors ranged alongside of
them, at about the distance of three miles. The greatest diameter of
the largest appeared to him, at that distance, as if it would measure
ten feet. They retired from them, with a wind at south-east, leaving an
impression upon the mind of our intrepid traveller to which he could
give no name, though he candidly admits that one ingredient in it was
fear, with a considerable deal of wonder and astonishment. He declares
it was in vain to think of flying; the swiftest horse, or fastest
sailing ship, could be of no use to carry them out of this danger,--and
the full persuasion of this riveted him to the spot where he stood.
Next day they were gratified by a similar display of moving pillars,
in form and disposition like those already described, only they seemed
to be more in number, and less in size. They came several times in
a direction close upon them; that is, according to Mr. Bruce's
computation, within two miles. They became, immediately after sunrise,
like a thick wood, and almost darkened the sun, his rays, shining
through them for near an hour, gave them an appearance of pillars of
fire. At another time they were terrified by an army of these sand
pillars, whose march was constantly south, a number of which seemed
once to be coming directly upon them, and, though they were little
nearer than two miles, a considerable quantity of sand fell around
them. On the 21st of November, about eight in the morning, he had a
view of the desert to the westward as before, and saw the sands had
already begun to rise in immense twisted pillars, which darkened the
heavens, and moved over the desert with more magnificence than ever.
The sun shining through the pillars, which were thicker, and contained
more sand apparently than any of the preceding ones, seemed to give
those nearest them an appearance as if spotted with stars of gold. A
little before twelve, the wind at north ceased, and a considerable
quantity of fine sand rained upon them for an hour afterwards."


ANTIQUITY OF INTOXICATING DRINKS.

It is a common belief that wine was the only inebriating liquor known
to antiquity, but this is a mistake. Tacitus mentions the use of ale
or beer as common among the Germans of his time. By the Egyptians,
likewise, whose country was ill adapted to the cultivation of the
grape, it was employed as a substitute for wine. Ale was common in
the middle ages, and Mr. Park states that very good beer is made, by
the usual process of brewing and malting, in the interior of Africa.
The favourite drink of our Saxon ancestors was ale or mead. Those
worshippers of Odin were so notoriously addicted to drunkenness,
that it was regarded as honourable rather than otherwise; and the
man who could withstand the greatest quantity was looked upon with
admiration and respect: whence the drunken songs of the Scandinavian
scalds: whence the glories of Valhalla, the fancied happiness of
whose inhabitants consisted of quaffing draughts from the skulls of
their enemies slain in battle. Even ardent spirit, which is generally
supposed to be a modern discovery, probably existed from a very early
period. It is said to have been first made by the Arabians in the
middle ages, and in all likelihood may lay claim to a still remoter
origin. The spirituous liquor called arrack has been manufactured in
the island of Java, as well as in the continent of Hindostan, from
time immemorial. Brandy was made in Sicily at the commencement of the
fourteenth century. As to wine, it was so common in ancient times as
to have a tutelar god appropriated to it; Bacchus and his companion
Silenus are as household words in the mouths of all, and constituted
most important features of the heathen mythology. We have all heard
of the Falernian and Campanian wines, and of the wines of Cyprus and
Shiraz. Indeed, there is reason to believe that the ancients were in
no respect inferior to the moderns in the excellence of the vinous
liquors, whatever they may have been in the variety. Wine was so common
in the eastern nations that Mahomet, foreseeing the baleful effects
of its propagation, forbade it to his followers, who, to compensate
themselves, had recourse to opium. The Gothic or dark ages seem to have
been those in which it was the least common; in proof of this it may
be mentioned that, so late as 1298, it was vended as a cordial by the
English apothecaries. At the present day it is little drunk, except by
the upper classes, in those countries which do not naturally furnish
the grape. In those that do, it is so cheap as to come within the reach
of even the lowest.


RUINS OF CLONMACNOIS.

[Illustration: [++] Ruins of Clonmacnois.]

A few miles south of Athlone are the famous ruins of Clonmacnois, the
school where, according to Dr. O'Connor, "the nobility of Connaught had
their children educated, and which was therefore called Cluan-mac-nois,
'the secluded recess of the sons of nobles.'" It was also, in ancient
times, a renowned cemetery of the Irish kings; and for many centuries
it has continued a favourite burial-place, the popular belief enduring
to this day, that all persons interred here pass immediately from
earth to heaven. The abbey is said to have been founded by St. Kieran
about the middle of the sixth century, and soon became "amazingly
enriched," so that, writes Mr. Archdall, "its landed property was so
great, and the number of cells and monasteries subjected to it so
numerous, that almost half of Ireland was said to be within the bounds
of Clonmacnois." The ruins retain marks of exceeding splendour. In the
immediate vicinity there are two "Round Towers." The above engraving
represents one of the many richly-carved stone crosses that are
scattered in all directions among the ruins.


THE BRICKS OF BABYLON.

[Illustration: [++] Brick of Babylon.]

Besides sun-dried bricks, remains of kiln-baked or burnt bricks are
found in all the principal ruins of ancient Babylonia, and were used
for the purpose of revetting or casing the walls. Like the sun-dried
bricks they are made of clay mixed with grass and straw, which have,
of course, disappeared in the baking, leaving, however, traces of the
stalks or stems in the clay. Generally they are slack-burnt, of a pale
red colour, with a slight glaze or polish. The finest sort, according
to Mr. Rich, are white, approaching more or less to a yellowish cast,
like our Stourbridge, or fire-brick; the coarsest are red, like our
ordinary brick. Some have a blackish cast, and are very hard. The
finest are those which come from the ruins of the Akerkuf. The general
measurement of the kiln-dried bricks, at the Birs Nimrúd, is 1 ft. 1
in. square, and 3 in. thick. Some are submultiples, or half of these
dimensions. A few are of different shapes for particular purposes, such
as rounding corners. Those at the Akerkuf measured a trifle less, or
12-1/2 in. square, and 2-3/4 in. thick, and are placed at the base of
the monument. The bricks of Al Hymer, on the eastern bank, measure 14
in. long, 12-3/4 in. broad, 2-1/2 in. thick, and are of fine fabric.
There are bricks of two dimensions at this ruin of the Birs Nimrúd;
those on the northern brow, a little way down it, measure 12 in.
square, and 3-1/4 in. thick; they are of a pale red colour, and used
for revetting the monument. Lower down to the east of this, they are
4-3/4 in. broad, and 12-3/4 in. long. Similar bricks were found at the
Mujellibe, and in one place was an entire wall of them 60 feet thick.
The whole plain here is covered with masses of brick work, and on one
of the mounds the bricks are so red, that it looks one bright gleaming
mass. The bricks from the Mujellibe or Kasr are described as very hard,
and of a pale yellow colour; and this edifice presents a remarkable
appearance of freshness. We have seen only one fragment of a brick from
Niffer; it is of a white, or rather yellowish white colour, and sandy,
gritty texture. This spot, it will be remembered, is supposed to be the
site of old Babylon. All these bricks are made by the same process as
those of Assyria, namely, stamped out of a wooden or terra-cotta mould,
and are also impressed with several lines of cuneiform character. This
impression is always sunk below the superficies, rectangular, and
often placed obliquely on the brick, with that disregard to mechanical
symmetry which is so usual on works of ancient art. The stamp is
generally about 6 inches long, by 4 inches wide, and the number of
lines varies from three to seven: an arrangement quite different from
that observed on the bricks of Assyria, and rather resembling that
adopted by the brick-makers of Egypt. The engraving on previous page
is of a brick stamped with the name of Nebuchadnezzar, which is now in
the possession of the Royal Society of Literature. The inscriptions
sometimes commence with the figure of a lion, a bull, or what may be
intended for an altar. These read, according to Sir H. Rawlinson,--

     [of] Nebuchadnezzar,
     the king of Babylon,
     founder of Beth Digla, or Saggalu,
     and of Beth Tzida
     son of Nebopalasar [I am].


A TURKISH BAZAAR.

A Turkish bazaar is one of the most wonderful sights in the world, and
well deserves a place in our record of curiosities. We cannot do better
than quote the description which Mr. Albert Smith gives of one of these
extraordinary places in his "Month at Constantinople:"--

"Smyrna had, in some measure, prepared me for the general appearance
of an oriental bazaar; but the vast extent of these markets at
Constantinople created a still more vivid impression. To say that the
covered rows of shops must altogether be miles in length--that vista
after vista opens upon the gaze of the astonished stranger, lined with
the costliest productions of the world, each collected in its proper
district--that one may walk for an hour, without going over the same
ground twice, amidst diamonds, gold, and ivory; Cashmere shawls, and
Chinese silks; glittering arms, costly perfumes, embroidered slippers,
and mirrors; rare brocades, ermines, Morocco leathers, Persian
nick-nacks; amber mouthpieces, and jewelled pipes--that looking along
the shortest avenue, every known tint and colour meets the eye at once,
in the wares and costumes, and that the noise, the motion, the novelty
of this strange spectacle is at first perfectly bewildering--all
this, possibly, gives the reader the notion of some kind of splendid
mart, fitted to supply the wants of the glittering personages who
figure in the Arabian Nights' Entertainments; yet it can convey but
a poor idea of the real interest which such a place calls forth,
or the most extraordinary assemblage of treasures displayed there,
amidst so much apparent shabbiness. No spot in the world--neither the
Parisian Boulevards, nor our own Regent-street--can boast of such
an accumulation of valuable wares from afar, as the great bazaar at
Constantinople. Hundreds and thousands of miles of rocky road and sandy
desert have been traversed by the moaning camels who have carried
those silks and precious stones from Persia, with the caravan. From
the wild regions of the mysterious central Africa, that ivory, so
cunningly worked, in the next row, has been brought--the coal-black
people only know how--until the Nile floated it down to Lower Egypt.
Then those soft Cashmere shawls have made a long and treacherous
journey to Trebizond, whence the fleet barks of the cold and stormy
Euxine at last brought them up the fairy Bosphorus to the very water's
edge of the city. From the remote active America; from sturdy England;
from Cadiz, Marseilles, and all along the glowing shores of the
Mediterranean, safely carried over the dark and leaping sea, by brave
iron monsters that have fought the winds with their scalding breath,
these wares have come, to tempt the purchasers, in the pleasant, calm,
subdued light of the bazaars of Stamboul."


VARNISH-TREE OF THE JAPANESE.

The _urusi_ or varnish-tree, of which they make so extensive a use, is
a noble tree when grown to its full size. On incision it yields a rich,
milky, glutinous juice, out of which the Japanese make the celebrated
varnish, known by the name of _Japan_. With this varnish they cover
and coat all their household furniture, all their dishes and plates,
and all their drinking-vessels, whether made of wood or of paper. The
use of plate, or porcelain, or glass appears to be very limited, and
is probably interdicted by some rule of nationality or religion: from
the emperor down to the meanest peasant, all make use of the light
varnished or japanned cups and dishes, the inner substance of which is
wood or paper, or what we term papier-maché.

Another tree, called _forasi_, renders a varnish of an inferior quality.


TORTURE-CHAMBER AT NUREMBERG.

Nuremberg, being a "free city," was governed by its own appointed
magistrates, having independent courts of law. The executive council
of state consisted of eight members, chosen from the thirty patrician
families, who, by the privilege granted to them from the thirteenth
century, ruled the city entirely. In process of time these privileges
assumed the form of a civic tyranny, which was felt to be intolerable
by the people, and occasionally opposed by them. The fierce religious
wars of the sixteenth century assisted in destroying the monopoly of
power still more; yet now that it is gone for ever, it has left fearful
traces of its irresponsible strength. All who sigh for "the good old
times," should not moralise over the fallen greatness of the city,
and its almost deserted but noble town-hall; but descend below the
building into the dark vaults and corridors which form its basement;
the terrible substructure upon which the glorious municipal palace of
a free imperial self-ruled city was based in the middle ages, into
whose secrets none dared pry, and where friends, hope, life itself,
were lost to those who dared revolt against the rulers. There is no
romance-writer who has imagined more horrors than we have evidences
were perpetrated under the name of justice in these frightful vaults,
unknown to the busy citizens around them, within a few feet of the
streets down which a gay wedding procession might pass, while a true
patriot was torn in every limb, and racked to death by the refined
cruelty of his fellow-men. The heart sickens in these vaults, and an
instinctive desire to quit them takes possession of the mind, while
remaining merely as a curious spectator within them. The narrow steps
leading to them are reached through a decorated doorway, and the
passage below receives light through a series of gratings. You shortly
reach the labyrinthine ways, totally excluded from external light and
air, and enter, one after another, confined dungeons, little more than
six feet square, cased with oak to deaden sounds, and to increase
the difficulty of attempted escape. To make these narrow places even
more horrible, strong wooden stocks are in some, and day and night
prisoners were secured in total darkness, in an atmosphere which seems
even now too oppressive to bear. In close proximity to these dungeons
is a strong stone room, about twelve feet wide each way, into which
you descend by three steps. It is the torture-chamber, which we here
engrave.

[Illustration: [++] Torture-Chamber at Nuremberg.]

The massive bars before you are all that remain of the perpendicular
rack, upon which unfortunates were hung with weights attached to their
ankles. Two such of stone, weighing each fifty pounds, were kept
here some years back, as well as many other implements of torture
since removed or sold for old iron. The raised stone bench around the
room was for the use of the executioner and attendants. The vaulted
roof condensed the voice of the tortured man, and an aperture on one
side gave it freedom to ascend into a room above, where the judicial
listeners waited for the faltering words which succeeded the agonising
screams of their victim.


SEPULCHRAL VASES OF GREEK POTTERY.

The number of these vases deposited in the great public museums of
Europe is very large, and from calculations derived from catalogues,
or from observations made on the spot, may be stated in round numbers
as follows:--The Museo Borbonico, at Naples, contains about 2,100;
the Gregorian Museum in the Vatican, about 1,000; Florence has about
700; and at Turin there are 500. On the side of the Alps, the Imperial
Museum of Vienna possesses about 300; Berlin has 1,690; Munich about
1,700; Dresden, 200; Carlsruhe, 200; the Louvre, at Paris, about
1,500; while 500 more may be found in the Bibliothèque Imperiale.
The British Museum has about 2,600 vases of all kinds. Besides the
public collections, several choice and valuable specimens of ancient
art belong to individuals. The most important of these private
collections are those of the Duc de Luynes, the Duc de Blacas, the
Count de Pourtales-Gorgier, the Jatta collection, that belonging to
M. St. Angela at Naples, and a fine and choice one belonging to the
Marquis Campana at Rome. In England, the collections of Mr. Hope, of
Mr. Jekyll, of the Marquis of Northampton, and of Mr. Hertz, contain
several interesting examples. In addition to these, several thousand
more vases are in the hands of the principal dealers, as S. Barone, of
Naples; and the heirs of S. Basseggio, Capranesi and Messrs. Sotheby,
in London. The total number of vases in public and private collections
probably amounts to 15,000 of all kinds.

[Illustration: [++] Sepulchral Vases.]

All these were discovered in the sepulchres of the ancients, but the
circumstances under which they were found differ according to locality.
In Greece, the graves are generally small, being designed for single
corpses, which accounts for the comparatively small size of the vases
discovered in that country. At Athens, the earlier graves are sunk
deepest in the soil, and those at Corinth, especially such as contain
the early Corinthian vases, are found by boring to a depth of several
feet beneath the surface. The early tombs of Cività Vecchia and Cære,
or Cervetri, in Italy, are tunnelled in the earth; and those at Vulci
and in the Etruscan territory, from which the finest and largest vases
have been extracted, are chambers hewn in the rocks. In Southern
Italy, especially in Campania, they are large chambers, about 5-1/4
palms under the surface.

The engraving on previous page will convey an idea of the manner in
which the vases are arranged round the bodies of the dead in the tombs
of Veii, Nola, and Cumæ.

The tomb there represented is constructed of large blocks of stone,
arranged in squared masses, called the Etruscan style of wall, in
contradistinction to the Cyclopean. The walls are painted with
subjects, the body is laid upon the stone floor, and the larger vases,
such as the _oxybapha_ and _craters_ are placed round it. The jugs are
hung upon nails round the walls.


GAMES WITH CARDS IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

Cards were used by every one. The game of Gleek was played by three
persons. The dealer dealt twelve cards and left eight on the table for
stock, seven were bought, and the ace turned up for the dealer; if it
was Tiddy (four of trumps) such player gave four to the dealer. The ace
was called Tib, the knave Tim, the fifth Towser, and the sixth Tumbler.
The players then begin bidding for the stock in hopes of bettering
their game, the buyer taking in seven cards and putting out seven. If
Tib was turned up, it counted fifteen to the dealer. The players then
picked for Ruff, the one having most of a suit winning it--unless any
one had four aces, which always carried it. The first then said, "I'll
vie the Ruff;" the next, "I'll see it:" the third, "I'll see it, and
revie it;" the first again, "I'll see your revie;" and the middle,
"I'll not meddle with it." They then showed their cards, and he that
had most of a suit won six of him that held out longest, and forty of
him who said he could see it, and then refused to meddle with it.

Ombre, Basset, Whist, Costly Colours, and Five Cards, were, we believe,
of later introduction. Of our period, are Ruff, Bone, Ace, Pult. The
great game in the West of England was Post and Pair, as All Fours was
in Kent, and Five Cards in Ireland. In Post and Pair, the ace of trumps
was the best card; at Post the best cards were one and two, but a
pair of court cards one. The daring of the game consisted in the vye,
or the adventuring upon the goodness of your hand to intimidate your
antagonist.


RESCUED RELICS.

The following is a list--translated from the original in the chartulary
of the University of Glasgow; of the relics which were carried
away from Glasgow Cathedral, by the Archbishop, before the work of
demolition began, in 1560:--

The image of Christ in gold, and those of the twelve apostles in
silver, with the whole vestments belonging to the church.

A silver cross, gilt in the upper part, and adorned with precious
stones in the lower part, with a small portion of the cross of our
Saviour!

Another silver cross, adorned with precious stones, with several other
portions of the cross of Christ!

A silver casket, gilt, containing the hair of the blessed Virgin!

A square silver coffer, containing several of the scourges of St.
Kentigern, and St. Thomas of Canterbury, and a portion of the hair
garment worn by the former saint!!

Another silver casket, gilt, containing part of the skin of
Bartholomew, the apostle!!

A silver casket containing a bone of St. Ninian!

A silver casket, containing part of the girdle of the Virgin Mary!!

A crystal case, containing a bone of some saint and of St. Magdalene!!

A small vial of crystal, containing the milk of the blessed Virgin, and
part of the manger of Christ!!!

A small phial of a saffron colour, containing the fluid which formerly
flowed from the tomb of St. Mungo!

A phial, containing several of the bones of St. Eugene, and of St.
Blaze!

A phial, containing a part of the tomb of St. Catherine the virgin!

A small hide, with a portion of the cloak of St. Martin!

A precious hide, with portions of the bodies of St. Kentigern and St.
Thomas of Canterbury!!

Some other hides, with bones of saints and other relics!

A wooden chest, containing many small relics!

Two linen bags, with the bones of St. Kentigern, St. Thanew, and other
deceased saints!!


PAPER.

With respect to the paper now in use, Dr. Blair says, the first
paper-mill (in England, we suppose) was erected at Dartford, in the
year 1588, by a German of the name of Speillman; from which period we
may, perhaps, date its manufacture in this country.

It appears, however, that it was known in the East much earlier; it
being observed that most of the ancient manuscripts in Arabic and other
Oriental languages, were written upon cotton paper, and it is thought
the Saracens first introduced it into Spain.

Anderson, in his "History of Commerce," says that, till the year 1690,
there was scarcely any paper made in England but the coarse brown
sort. Paper was previously imported from France, Genoa, and Holland.
However, the improvement of this article in England, in consequence of
the French war, produced a saving to the country of £100,000 annually,
which had been paid to France for paper alone.


LOTTERIES.

If the antiquity of a practice could justify its existence, lotteries
might claim peculiar reverence. The Romans, we are told, used to
enliven their Saturnalia with them, by distributing tickets, all of
which gained some prize. Augustus instituted lotteries, that consisted,
however, of things of little value. Nero also established lotteries,
for the people, in which 1,000 tickets were daily distributed, and
several of those who were favoured by fortune got rich by them. The
first lottery of which we find any record in our annals, was in the
year 1659, which, according to Stow, consisted of 40,000 lots, at 10s.
each. The prizes were plated; and the profits were to be applied to
the purpose of repairing the havens of the kingdom. This lottery was
drawn at the west door of St. Paul's cathedral; and began on the 11th
July, 1569, and continued incessantly, day and night, till the 6th May
following. The tickets were three years in being disposed of. In the
year 1612, King James granted a lottery to promote the plantation of
English colonies in Virginia, which was also drawn at St. Paul's.


TEMPLE AT SIMONBONG.

[Illustration: [++] Lepcha Temple at Simonbong.]

The above is a correct representation of the great Lepcha temple at
Simonbong, in Sikkim, a district of India near Thibet. We take the
following account of it from the Journal of Dr. Hooker, who visited it
in 1848:--"Simonbong is one of the smallest and poorest goompas, or
temples, in Sikkim, being built of wood only. It consists of one large
room, raised on a stone foundation, with small sliding shutter windows,
and roofed with shingles of wood; opposite the door a wooden altar was
placed, rudely chequered with black, white, and red; to the right and
left were shelves, with a few Tibetan books, wrapped in silk; a model
of Symbonath temple in Nepal, a praying-cylinder, and some implements
for common purposes, bags of juniper, English wine-bottles and glasses,
with tufts of _Abies Webbina_, rhododendron flowers, and peacock's
feathers, besides various trifles, clay ornaments and offerings, and
little Hindoo idols. On the altar were ranged seven little brass cups,
full of water; a large conch-shell, carved with the sacred lotus; a
brass jug from Lhassa, of beautiful design, and a human thigh-bone,
hollow, and perforated through both condyles.

"Facing the altar was a bench and a chair, and on one side a huge
tambourine, with two curved iron drumsticks. The bench was covered with
bells, handsomely carved with idols, and censers with juniper-ashes;
and on it lay the _dorge_, or double-headed thunderbolt. Of all these
articles, the human thigh-bone is by much the most curious; it is very
often that of a Lama, and is valuable in proportion to its length.
As, however, the Sikkim Lamas are burned, these relics are generally
procured from Tibet, where the corpses are cut in pieces and thrown to
the kites, or thrown into the water."


IMPLEMENTS USED IN BUDDHIST TEMPLES.

[Illustration: [++] Implements Used in Buddhist Temples.]

The above sketch places before us the implements generally used in the
Buddhist temples of India:--a praying cylinder in stand, another to be
carried in the hand, cymbals, bell, brass cup, three trumpets (one of
them made of a human thigh-bone), conch, and dorje, or double-headed
thunderbolt, which the Lama, or high-priest, holds in his hand during
service. The praying cylinder is made to revolve by means of an axle
and string, and a projecting piece of iron strikes a little bell at
each revolution. Within such cylinders are deposited written prayers,
and whoever pulls the string properly is considered to have said his
prayers as often as the bell rings. The worshippers, on entering the
temple, walk up to the altar, and, before or after having deposited
their gifts, they lift both hands to the forehead, fall on their
knees, and touch the ground three times with head and hands. They then
advance to the head Lama, _kotow_ similarly to him, and he blesses
them, laying both hands on their heads, and repeating a short formula.
Sometimes the dorje is used in blessing, as the cross is in Europe,
and when a number of people request a benediction, the Lama pronounces
it from the door of the temple with outstretched arms, the people all
being prostrate, with their foreheads touching the ground.


PROCLAMATION FOR THE PERSON OF GEORGE II.

On the young Pretender landing in Scotland, Government issued a
proclamation, offering a reward of £30,000 for his head, alive or dead.
In opposition to this, the following curious paper was issued by the
Prince and his council, which, Mr. Beloe says, "is so rare, that I
never heard of any other than that which accident lately deposited in
the British Museum."

  "Charles, Prince of Wales, &c.

  Regent of the Kingdoms of Scotland, France, and Ireland, and the
  Dominions thereunto belonging,

Whereas, we have seen a certain scandalous and malicious paper,
published in the style and form of a proclamation, bearing date the 1st
instant, wherein, under pretence of bringing us to justice, like our
Royal Ancestor, King Charles I. of blessed memory, there is a reward of
£30,000 sterling promised to those who shall deliver us into the hands
of our enemies, we could not but be moved with a just indignation at
so insolent an attempt; and though, from our nature and principles,
we abhor and detest a practice so unusual among Christian Princes, we
cannot but, out of just regard to the dignity of our person, promise a
like reward of £30,000 sterling to him, or those, who shall seize and
secure till our further orders, the person of the Elector of Hanover,
whether landed, or attempting to land, in any part of his Majesty's
dominions. Should any fatal accident happen from hence, let the blame
be entirely at the door of those who first set the infamous example.

  "CHARLES, P. R.

  "Given at our Camp, at Kinlockeill, August 22, 1745.

  "By his Highness's Command.

  "JOHN MURRAY."


DOGS IN JAPAN.

Dogs or common curs they have, and in superfluous numbers. These
dogs are as much the pest of the towns of Japan as they are of
Constantinople and the other foul cities and towns of the Ottoman
Empire. This vast increase of the canine species, and the encouragement
and immunity accorded to it, arose (according to the popular account)
out of a curious superstition and an extravagant imperial decree. An
Emperor who reigned at the close of the eighteenth century chanced to
be born under the Sign of the Dog, the Dog being one of the twelve
celestial signs of the Japanese Zodiac. For this reason the Emperor had
as great an esteem for dogs as the Roman Emperor Augustus is reported
to have entertained for rams. When he ascended the throne, he willed
and ordained that dogs should be held as sacred animals; and, from
that time, more puppies saw the light, and were permitted to live in
Japan than in any other country on the face of the earth, Turkey,
perhaps, excepted. These dogs have no masters, but lie and prowl
about the streets, to the exceeding great annoyance of passengers,
especially if they happen to be foreign travellers, or Christians in
Christian dresses. If they come round you in packs, barking, snarling,
and showing their teeth; nay, even if they fall upon you and bite you,
you must on no account take the law into your own hands, and beat them
off or shoot them. To kill one of them is a capital crime, whatever
mischief the brute may have done you. In every town there are Guardians
of the Dogs, and to these officers notice must be given in case of any
canine misdemeanour, these guardians alone being empowered to punish
the dogs. Every street must keep a certain number of these animals,
or at least provide them with victuals; huts, or dog-hospitals,
stand in all parts of the town, and to these the animals, in case of
sickness, must be carefully conveyed by the inhabitants. The dogs that
die must be brought up to the tops of mountains and hills, the usual
burying-places of men and women, and there be very decently interred.
Old Kæmpfer says:--"The natives tell a pleasant tale on this head. A
Japanese, as he was carrying the carcase of a dead dog to the top of
a steep mountain, grew impatient, grumbled, and cursed the Emperor's
birthday and whimsical command. His companion bid him hold his tongue
and be quiet, and, instead of swearing, return thanks to the gods that
the Emperor was not born under the Sign of the Horse, for, in that
case, the load would be heavier."


LAGMI, AND THE USE MADE OF IT.

Mohammed, we are told, prohibited the use of wine, owing to a drunken
quarrel among the chiefs of his army, which produced great disorder
and confusion in his affairs, and almost caused the prophet's death in
one of his daring military engagements. He, therefore, addressed his
followers in these words: "The devil desires to sow dissensions among
you, through wine and games of chance, to divert you from remembering
God, and praying to him. Abandon wine and games of chance. Be obedient
to God and the prophet, his apostle, and take heed unto yourselves."
But the prophet, who could so minutely delineate the furniture of
heaven, and the instruments of torture of hell--who could describe the
mysterious occurrences before the creation was formed into its present
shape, and predict stupendous events to happen in thousands of years
to come--could not forsee that man would stupify himself by any other
beverages besides "wine." The believers in the Koran at Tozar, a city
near the Great Desert, in Africa, certainly abstain from wine, and thus
obey the prophet's precept, but then they indulge freely in _lagmi_,
or the juice of the palm-tree, which, when fermented, is as pernicious
in its effect, when taken in excess, as the wine possibly can be. This
juice is easily obtained, and more easily still prepared. An incision
is made in the tree, just beneath the branches, and a jar so fastened
that it receives every drop of liquid flowing out. During a night they
procure from a tree "in a producing condition" (in which it is not
always) from a quart to three pints of _lagmi_. When drunk immediately
it tastes like _genuine_ rich milk, and is perfectly harmless; but
when allowed to stand one night, or, at most, twenty-four hours, it
partakes (with the exception of the colour, which is whitish,) of the
quality and flavour of champagne, and that of a far superior sort than
is usually offered in the British markets. This date-tree wine, (for so
it may be called,) procured at so little trouble and expense, is to be
found in every house, and has its victims reeling through the streets
of Tozar, just as the stupifying porter has in the streets of English
cities. But the curious part in connexion with this is, that "the
faithful" persist in their justification that they do not transgress
their prophet's precept! "_Lagmi_ is not wine," they say, "and the
prophet's prohibition refers to wine."


ANGLO-SAXON UMBRELLA.

[Illustration: [++] Anglo-Saxon Umbrella.]

In Anglo-Saxon times the traveller always wore a covering for his
head, which, though in various shapes, in no instance resembled our
hat, though it was characterised by the general term _hæt_. He seems
to have been further protected against the inclemency of the weather
by a cloak or (_mentel_). One would be led to suppose that this outer
garment was more varied in form and material than any other part
of the dress from the great number of names which we find applied
to it, such as--_basing_, _hæcce_, _hæcla_, or _hacela_, _poell_,
_pylca_, _scyccels_, _wæfels_, &c. The writings which remain throw no
light upon the provisions made by travellers against rain; for the
dictionary makers who give _scur-scead_ (shower-shade) as signifying
an umbrella are certainly mistaken. Yet that umbrellas were known to
the Anglo-Saxons is proved beyond a doubt by a figure in the Harleian
MSS. which we have engraved above. A servant or attendant is holding an
umbrella over the head of a man who appears to be covered at the same
time with the cloak or mantle.


THE HEJIRA.

The Hejira, Hegira, or Hejra. The flight of Mohammed from Mecca to
Medina is the epoch of the Mohammedan nations. Omar, the second Caliph,
instituted the Hegira in imitation of the Christians, who counted their
years from their persecution by Diocletian, (A.D. 284,) and who called
it the era of the martyrs. Thus the Mohammedans wished to commence
their calculation of time from the period of the most memorable
persecution they had suffered. The learned Mohammedan astronomers have
been divided in opinion on the exact year of the Christians which
corresponds with the Hegira. But the generality of writers place
this epoch on Friday, the 16th of July, A.D. 622. The ancient Arabs
counted time by solar months; these months always returned in the same
season, and their names correspond with the employments which the
seasons rendered necessary. Since the epoch of the Hegira was fixed the
Mohammedans count time by lunar months, the Arabian year consisting of
354 days, eight hours, and forty-eight minutes. The intercalary days
are adjusted by a cycle of thirty lunar years, of which nineteen are
of 354 days, and eleven of 355 days. The years of excess are in the
following order:--2, 5, 7, 10, 13, 15, 18, 21, 24, 26, 29.


CHINESE PAILOOS.

[Illustration: [++] Chinese Pailoos.]

The Pailoos, or, as they are commonly but erroneously called, triumphal
arches, form an object of Chinese architecture which, from its constant
recurrence in views of Chinese scenery, is almost as familiar to us
as the pagoda. They are, in fact, monuments to deceased persons of
distinction, generally of widows who have not married a second time,
or of virgins who have died unmarried. The smaller and less important
ones consist merely of two upright posts of wood or granite, supporting
a flat board with an inscription, like, both in purpose and design, to
the wooden rails which are used as substitutes for tombstones in some
districts in England. The more important Pailoos have three openings,
supported by several boards, with more or less ornament and carving.
Sometimes they are wholly of wood; in others no material is used but
stone, generally granite; and these two materials are combined in
various proportions in other examples. Sometimes they are raised on
platforms as in the annexed example, from a peculiarly graceful one
near Canton.

At other times they are placed on the ground, and even across roads,
so as to form arches, if they may be called, though certainly not
triumphal ones.


REMARKABLE GROTTO, AND STORY CONNECTED WITH IT.

Near Lunel, in France, on the eastern bank of the river Hérault, is
the grotto, known in this part of the country as _la Baume de las
Donmaisellas_, or _des Fées_. This grotto consists of many large, deep
apartments, some of which are indeed inaccessible; the second (and
they are all one below the other), presents to the eye of the beholder
four beautiful pillars, about thirty feet high, terminating at the top
like palm trees; they are detached from the roof, which is only to be
accounted for by supposing that the _bottom_, or _floor_, has, in some
concussion of nature, sunk from its original level: the third chamber,
still descending, and like the former only to be reached by ropes and
ladders, presents, at the farther end, one vast curtain of crystal, to
which the lights, carried on such occasions, give the appearance of all
manner of precious stones. Some of the stalactites of this apartment
are solid and white as alabaster, some clear and transparent as glass;
they are of every fantastic form and description, as well as displaying
perfect representations of cascades, trees, festoons, lances, pillars,
fruits, flowers, and even the regular arrangement of architecture in
a cathedral. The fourth chamber is a long gallery covered with fine
sand: beyond this three great pillars present themselves, and behind,
there is a lake of thick muddy water. All these grottoes have been
long known to the peasantry, but another was lately penetrated, in
which every former variety of stalactite was seen, but, in addition
to these was found an altar, white, like fine china, having regular
steps to it, of the same material: it is composed apparently of layers
of the opaque stalactite, of a dazzling white and exquisite polish:
four twisted columns, of a yellow colour and transparent, whose height
is lost in the vast roof; an obelisk, perfectly round, of a reddish
colour, of a great height, and a colossal figure of a woman, holding
two children in her arms, and placed upon a pedestal, completed the
astonishment of the daring explorers of this subterraneous cavern. But
alas! this astonishment was changed into feelings of a more melancholy
description, when they recalled the circumstance, still current in
the neighbourhood, that, during the religious wars, a family (whether
Protestant or Catholic is not ascertained), consisting of a father and
mother and one or two children, sought refuge in these subterraneous
grottoes from the persecution of their enemies, and there preserved a
miserable existence, far from the cruelty of

    Man, whom Nature formed of milder clay,
    With every kind emotion in his heart,
    And taught alone to weep.

For some years they supported themselves with berries, and now and
then they were seen endeavouring to secure a stray kid or goat for
food. The solitude and silence of their almost inaccessible dwelling,
imbued them and their fate with an awful character; and from being
objects of _pity_, they became at length objects of _terror_, to the
neighbouring peasantry, who told strange stories of the unfortunate
beings thus consigned to cold and hunger, and compelled to seek a
wretched home within the bowels of the earth. Their spare forms, their
pale countenances, their tattered garments waving in the breeze, all
threw a mystic feeling over their appearance, and they were transformed
into fairies and spectres. The shepherds fled when they appeared, and
the children, as they clung affrighted to their parents, with strained
eyes and parted lips, followed the rapid movements of the mountaineers,
as they in their turn, alarmed at the sight of their fellow-creatures,
fled from height to height, until they gained their rocky asylum. Such
an accumulation of suffering and misery was not, however, calculated
to prolong existence: terror and fear destroyed the mind, as hunger
and cold destroyed the body, and after the lapse of a few years, one
by one, these _spectres_ disappeared: but still they figure in all the
local stories and traditions peculiar to the neighbourhood, under the
form of witches, fairies, and sorcerers. The question is, whether the
altar and the figure are not the work of these unfortunate beings, who
might find in this employment a transitory solace for their misery.


CRUELTY OF HINDOO RITES.

We extract the following account from "The Land of the Veda," as
it affords an extraordinary instance of the lengths to which the
fanaticism of a gross superstition will induce men to proceed:--

"To satisfy ourselves of the sanguinary character of some of the Hindoo
deities, and of the influence they exert over the deluded victims of
superstition, we must witness some of the cruel practices which the
popular goddess, Kali, imposes on her worshippers. The most remarkable
festival is the one called _Charak Puja_.

"This festival derives its name from _chakra_, a wheel or discus; in
allusion to the circle performed in the act of rotating, when suspended
from the instrument of this horrible superstition. Being desirous of
witnessing the ceremony in all its parts, I went to the spot where one
of these ceremonies was about to take place. An upright pole, twenty
or thirty feet in height, was planted in the ground, across the top of
which, moving on a pivot, a long pole was placed. From one end of this
transverse beam a long rope was suspended and left to hang loosely,
whilst a shorter rope was attached to the other end, bearing a couple
of strong iron hooks. A good-looking man, perhaps thirty years of age,
came from the midst of the crowd, and doing obeisance beneath the
instrument of torture, presented himself as a candidate for the honour
he aspired to. The attendant, before whom he stood erect, struck a
smart blow on the small of the back, and fixed one of the hooks in the
flesh, and then did the same on the other side. The man then laid hold
of the rope just above the hooks and held it, whilst certain persons
in the crowd, seizing the loose rope, pulled him up, by depressing the
other end of the beam. As he rose he relinquished his hold of the rope
by which he was suspended, and resigned himself to the rotary motion,
by which he was whirled round and round in mid air, suspended by the
flesh of his own body. Whilst he was thus enduring the torture incident
to this horrid service, at once gratifying the cruel goddess Kali and
the crowd of admiring spectators, he drew from his girdle fruits and
flowers, which he scattered among the attendants. These were picked
up by the crowd, with the greatest eagerness, as precious relics that
might avail as charms in cases of personal or domestic extremity. This
wretched dupe of a foul superstition remained in the air at least a
quarter of an hour, and, of course, in his own estimation and in that
of the spectators, gained by this brief infliction a large amount of
merit, and consequent title to certain rewards to be reaped in a future
state of being. No sooner had he descended, than another was ready for
the ceremony. These cruel practices are carried on in various parts of
the native town, from day to day, as long as the festival lasts. It
not unfrequently happens that the ligaments of the back give way, when
the man, tossed to an immense distance, is dashed to pieces. In such
cases, the inference is, that the victim of such accident, by virtue
of demerit in a former state of existence, was not merely unworthy of
the privileges attached to this privileged ceremonial, but destined to
expiate his evil deeds by this dreadful accident."


CURIOUS MUSICAL INSTRUMENT.

The musical instrument which we engrave below, is used in the Burman
empire, and is thus described by Captain Yule, in his "Mission to Ava,"
writing from the town of Magwé, in Burmah. The Captain says;--

[Illustration: [++] Drum-Harmonicon.]

"This evening the members of the mission made their first acquaintance
with the Burmese drama; an entertainment which from this time would
occupy a very large place in the daily history of our proceedings if
all were registered.

"The Governor had provided both a puppet play and a regular dramatic
performance for our benefit, and on this first occasion of the kind the
Envoy thought it right that we should visit both.

"Each performance was attended by a full Burmese orchestra. The
principal instruments belonging to this are very remarkable, and, as
far as I know, peculiar to Burmah.

"The chief instrument in size and power is that called in
Burmese _pattshaing_, and which I can only name in English as a
drum-harmonicon. It consists of a circular tub-like frame about thirty
inches high and four feet six inches in diameter. This frame is formed
of separate wooden staves fancifully carved, and fitting by tenon into
a hoop which keeps them in place. Round the interior of the frame
are suspended vertically some eighteen or twenty drums, or tom-toms,
graduated in tone, and in size from about two and a-half inches
diameter up to ten. In tuning the instrument the tone of each drum is
modified as required by the application of a little moist clay with a
sweep of the thumb, in the centre of the parchment. The whole system
then forms a sort of harmonicon, on which the performer, squatted in
the middle, plays with the natural plectra of his fingers and palms,
and with great dexterity and musical effect."


BURMESE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.

[Illustration: [++] Burmese Musical Instruments.]

The two Burmese musical instruments which we here engrave are thus
described by Captain Yule in his "Mission to Ava:"--

"The bamboo harmonicon or staccato is a curious example of the
production of melody by simple and unexpected means. Its use, though
unknown in India, extends throughout the Eastern Archipelago; and
something similar is possessed, I believe, by the negro slaves in
Brazil. Eighteen to twenty-four flat slips of bamboo, about an inch and
a half broad, and of graduated length, are strung upon a double string
and suspended in a catenary over the mouth of a trough-like sounding
box. The roundish outside of the bamboo is uppermost, and whilst the
extremities of the slips are left to their original thickness, the
middle part of each is thinned and hollowed out below. The tuning is
accomplished partly by the regulation of this thinning of the middle
part. The scale so formed is played with one or two drumsticks, and
the instrument is one of very mellow and pleasing tone. Though the
materials are of no value, a good old harmonicon is prized by the
owner, like a good old Cremona, and he can rarely be induced to part
with it.

"There was one example at the capital, of a similar instrument formed
of slips of iron or steel. It was said to have been made by the august
hands of King Tharawadee himself, who, like Louis Seize, was abler as
a smith than as a king. The effect was not unpleasing, and strongly
resembled that of a large Geneva musical box, but it was far inferior
in sweetness to the bamboo instrument.

"Another instrument used in these concerts is a long cylindrical guitar
of three strings, shaped like an alligator and so named. It is placed
on the ground before the performer."


DRESS REGULATED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT.

The foreign knights and visitors who came to Windsor in Edward
the First's reign, and brought with them a continual succession
of varying fashions, turned the heads of the young with delight,
and of the old with disgust. Douglas, the monk of Glastonbury, is
especially denunciative and satirical on this point. He says that in
the horrible variety of costume,--"now long, now large, now wide, now
straight,"--the style of dress was "destitute and devert from all
honesty of old arraye or good usage." It is all, he says, "so nagged
and knibbed on every side, and all so shattered and also buttoned, that
I with truth shall say, they seem more like to tormentors or devils in
their clothing, and also in their shoying and other array, than they
seemed to be like men." And the old monk had good foundation for his
complaint; and the Commons themselves having, what the Commons now have
not, a dread of becoming as extravagant as their betters in the article
of dress, actually sought the aid of Parliament. That august assembly
met the complaint by restricting the use of furs and furls to the royal
family and nobles worth one thousand _per annum_. Knights and ladies
worth four hundred marks yearly, were permitted to deck themselves in
cloths of gold and silver, and to wear certain jewellery. Poor knights,
squires, and damsels were prohibited from appearing in the costume of
those of higher degree. As for the Commons themselves, they could put
on nothing better than unadorned woollen cloth; and if an apprentice or
a milliner had been bold enough to wear a ring on the finger, it was in
peril of a decree that it should be taken off,--not the finger, but the
ring,--with confiscation of the forbidden finery.

The consequence was that the Commons, being under prohibition to put
on finery, became smitten with a strong desire to assume it; and much
did they rejoice when they were ruled over by so consummate a fop as
Richard of Bordeaux. All classes were content to do what many classes
joyfully do in our own days,--dress beyond their means; and we find in
old Harding's "Cronicle" that not only were

    "Yemen and gromes in cloth of silk arrayed,
     Sattin and damask, in doublettes and in gownnes."

but that all this, as well as habits of "cloth of greene and
scarleteen,--cut work and brodwar, was all," as the Chronicler
expresses it, "for unpayed;" that is, was _not paid for_. So that
very many among us do not so much despise the wisdom afforded us by
the example of our ancestors as didactic poets and commonplace honest
writers falsely allege them to do. And those ancestors of Richard
the Second's time were especially given to glorify themselves in
parti-coloured garments of white and red, such being the colours of the
King's livery (as blue and white were those of John of Gaunt); and they
who wore these garments, sometimes of half-a-dozen colours in each, why
they looked, says an old writer, "as though the fire of St. Anthony, or
some such mischance," had cankered and eaten into half their bodies.
The long-toed shoes, held up to the knee by a chain and hook, were
called _crackowes_, the fashion thereof coming from Cracrow in Poland.
The not less significant name of "devil's receptacles" were given to
the wide sleeves of this reign, for the reason, as the Monk of Evesham
tells us, that whatever was stolen was thrust into them.


A CAT-CLOCK.

The following curious incident is to be found in Huo's "Chinese
Empire:--

"One day when we went to pay a visit to some families of Chinese
Christian peasants, we met, near a farm, a young lad, who was taking
a buffalo to graze along our path. We asked him carelessly, as we
passed, whether it was yet noon. The child raised his head to look at
the sun, but it was hidden behind thick clouds, and he could read no
answer there. "The sky is so cloudy," said he; "but wait a moment;" and
with these words he ran towards the farm, and came back a few minutes
afterwards with a cat in his arms. "Look here," said he, "it is not
noon yet;" and he showed us the cat's eyes, by pushing up the lids with
his hands. We looked at the child with surprise, but he was evidently
in earnest; and the cat, though astonished, and not much pleased at the
experiment made on her eyes, behaved with most exemplary complaisance.
"Very well," said we; "thank you;" and he then let go the cat, who made
her escape pretty quickly, and we continued our route.

To say the truth, we had not at all understood the proceeding; but we
did not wish to question the little pagan, lest he should find out that
we were Europeans by our ignorance. As soon as ever we reached the
farm, however, we made haste to ask our Christians whether they could
tell the clock by looking into the cat's eyes. They seemed surprised
at the question; but as there was no danger in confessing to them our
ignorance of the properties of the cat's eyes, we related what had
just taken place. That was all that was necessary; our complaisant
neophytes immediately gave chase to all the cats in the neighbourhood.
They brought us three or four, and explained in what manner they might
be made use of for watches. They pointed out that the pupil of their
eyes went on constantly growing narrower until twelve o'clock, when
they became like a fine line, as thin as a hair, drawn perpendicularly
across the eye, and that after twelve the dilation recommenced.

When we had attentively examined the eyes of all the cats at our
disposal, we concluded that it was past noon, as all the eyes perfectly
agreed upon the point.

We have had some hesitation in speaking of this Chinese discovery, as
it may, doubtless, tend to injure the interest of the clock-making
trade, and interfere with the sale of watches; but all considerations
must give way to the spirit of progress. All important discoveries
tend in the first instance to injure private interests, and we hope,
nevertheless, that watches will continue to be made, because, among
the number of persons who may wish to know the hour, there will, most
likely, be some who will not give themselves the trouble to run after
the cat, or who may fear some danger to their own eyes from too close
an examination of hers."


EARLY ENGLISH HELMET.

[Illustration: [++] Twelfth Century English Helmet.]

The above is a correct representation of a helmet of the latter part
of the twelfth century, resembling those seen on the great seals of
Richard I. The _aventaille_, or moveable grating for covering the face,
has been lost, but the hinges, staples, and other means of fastening it
still remain. Its form may be seen on the great seals of Henry III. and
Edward I.


ILLUSTRIOUS FARMERS.

Adam was a farmer while yet in Paradise, and after his fall was
commanded to earn his bread by the sweat of his brow. Job, the honest,
upright, and patient, was a farmer, and his firm endurance has passed
into a proverb. Socrates was a farmer, and yet wedded to the glory of
his immortal philosophy. Cincinnatus was a farmer, and the noblest
Roman of them all. Burns was a farmer, and the Muse found him at his
plough, and filled his soul with poetry. Washington was a farmer, and
retired from the highest earthly station to enjoy the quiet of rural
life, and present to the world a spectacle of human greatness. To these
names may be added a host of others, who sought peace and repose in the
cultivation of their earth. The enthusiastic Lafayette, the steadfast
Pickering, the scholastic Jefferson, the fiery Randolph, all found an
El Dorado of consolation from life's cares and troubles, in the green
and verdant lawns that surrounded their homestead.


ANCIENT COUTEAU-DE-CHASSE.

[Illustration: [++] Couteau-de-Chasse.]

As the chase was regarded as the honourable and most instructive
occupation of an age in which warlike prowess was deemed the principal
object of emulation and applause, every respectable mansion had, in
former times, its hall decorated with hunting implements. One of these
we here present to our readers. It is a couteau-de-chasse of the time
of William III. The left-hand figure represents it in its sheath, which
is highly ornamented; the other figures represent the blade drawn, and
the three knives, fork, and bodkin, which the sheath also contains. The
form is precisely like those engraved in the "Triumph of Maximilian,"
which shows that no variation had taken place since the commencement of
the sixteenth century. Erasmus, in his "Praise of Folly," thus alludes
to this weapon, Kennet translating it "a slashing hanger." Speaking of
those engaged in the chase, he says, "When they have run down their
game, what strange pleasure they take in cutting it up! Cows and sheep
may be slaughtered by common butchers, but what is killed in hunting
must be broke up by none under a gentleman, who shall throw down his
hat, fall devoutly on his knees, and drawing a slashing hanger (for
a common knife is not good enough), after several ceremonies, shall
dissect all the parts as artistically as the best skilled anatomist;
while all that stand round shall look very intently and seem to be
mightly surprised with the novelty, though they have seen the same an
hundred times before; and he that can but dip his finger and taste of
the blood shall think his own bettered by it."


DIVISION OF TIME IN PERSIA.

Time is of no value in Persia, from which reason it must be that
so complicated a system has been maintained as that of counting by
solar time, lunar time, and the Toork cycle. The first is observed by
astronomers, and was in general use in Persia until it was superseded
by Mahommed's lunar year. It consists of twelve months of thirty days
each, with the required number of intercalary days. The second, which
is now in general use, consisting of three hundred and fifty-four days,
is therefore perpetually changing: an event commemorated in one year
will come round ten days earlier the succeeding year. The third is a
curious method of counting introduced by the Toorks into Persia, but
which we are told has been forgotten in Turkey. They divide time into
cycles of twelve years, each year having a separate name, but they
have no designation for the cycles. Thus, if they wanted to describe
an event which happened sixty-five years ago, they could only mention
the name of the fifth year. These years are solar, and are thus
designated:--

  Sichkan eel      Year of the Mouse.
  Ood eel             "        Bull.
  Bars eel            "        Leopard.
  Tavishkan eel       "        Hare.
  Looee eel           "        Crocodile.
  Eelan eel           "        Snake.
  Yoont eel           "        Horse.
  Kooree eel          "        Ram.
  Beechee eel         "        Monkey.
  Tekhakoo eel        "        Cock.
  Eet eel             "        Dog.
  Tenkooz eel         "        Hog.

It seems strange their number should be twelve, as if there were a
zodiac of years, instead of months.

This method of marking time is preserved only in government documents,
such as firmans, grants, &c. No one seems able to account for its
origin, excepting that, according to tradition, the Toorks of old
brought it from Tartary.


DIFFERENT SORTS OF HORSES IN THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY.

The different sorts of horses in use among the nobility and others,
may be collected from the following entry in the Northumberland
household-book, first printed in the year 1768. It is entitled
the regulations and establishment of Algernon Percy the Earl of
Northumberland, 1512.

"This is the ordre of the chequir roule of the nombre of all the horsys
of my lordis and my ladys, that are apoynted to be in the charge of the
hous verely, as to say gentill hors, palfreys, hobys, naggis, clothsek
hors.

"First, gentill hors, to stand in my lordis stable, six. Item, palfreys
of my ladys, to wit, oone for my lady, and two for her gentill-women,
and oone for her chamberer. Four hobys and naggis for my lordis oone
saddill, viz. oone for my lorde to ride, oone to led for my lorde,
and oone to stay at home for my lorde. Item, chariot hors to stand in
my lordis stable yerely: Seven great trottynge hors to draw in the
chariott, and a nagg for the chariott-man to ryde, eight. Again, hors
for my lorde Percy, his lordis sonne. A great doble trottynge hors to
travel on in winter. Item, double trottynge hors, called a curtal, for
his lordship to ryde on out of townes. Another trottynge gambaldyn
hors, for his lordship to ryde upon when he comes into townes. An
amblynge hors, for his lordship to journey on daily. A proper amblyng
little nag, for his lordship when he gaeth on hunting or hawkin. A gret
amblyng gelding to carry his male."

The _gentill_ horse was one of superior breed, so called in contrast to
such as were of ordinary extraction.

_Palfreys_, were an elegant and easy sort of horses, used upon common
occasions by knights, and others, who reserved their great and managed
horses for battle and the tournament.

_Hobys_, were strong, active horses, of rather a small size. They are
said to be originally natives of Ireland.

_Nags_ were of the same description.

_Clothseck_, was a cloak-bag horse; as a _male horse_ was one that
carried the portmanteau. Horses to draw the _chariots_, were waggon
horses; from the French word _charrette_, whence, the English word
_cart_.

_A great double trottynge_ horse, was a tall, broad horse, whose best
pace was the trot, being too unwieldly to be able to gallop.

_A curtail_, was a horse whose tail was cut, or shortened.

_A gambaldynge_ horse, was one of shew and parade; a managed horse.

_An amblynge_ horse, received this appellation, from the ease and
smoothness of its pace. In former times almost all saddle horses were
broke to perform it.


THE NAORA.

The Oasis of Tagius or Wodian, in the Desert of Sahara, in Africa,
comprehends these villages--D'kash, Krees, Wozorkan, Owlad, Majed,
Sedadah, Zowiat Elarab, and Sidy Bohlan.

These villages are situated at short distances from each other,
numbering together a population of between 25,000 and 30,000, whose
chief employment consists in cultivating the palm, or date tree. At
Kreez they have an excellent spring, but which does not suffice to
water all their plantations, and hence they are forced to have recourse
to the _naora_, so common on the coast. The naora is the name given
to the rude, though ingenious contrivance, by means of which, through
the agency of either a camel, a mule, or a horse, water is raised
from a deep well in earthen jars, which, as soon as they have emptied
their contents into a wooden trough, descend for fresh supplies. The
water from the trough is then conducted by the planters into channels
and trenches, as occasion requires. These are again easily diverted,
and as soon as it is considered that the trees in one particular
direction have had a sufficient supply, fresh trenches are opened in
another direction, and in this manner the whole plantation receives the
requisite moisture and nourishment. We here engrave the naora.

The pain and labour which the inhabitants of such an oasis take with
their vast date plantations are immense, but their toil is amply repaid
by the "lord of the vegetable world." Independent of its picturesque
appearance, grateful shade, luscious fruit, and agreeable beverage, it
supplies them with fuel, and wood for the construction of their houses.
From its leaves they manufacture baskets, ropes, mats, bags, couches,
brushes, brooms, fans, &c. From the branches they make fences, stools,
and cages. The kernels, after being soaked in water for two or three
days, are eagerly eaten by camels.

Every palm-tree shoots forth a number of suckers, which are removed at
the proper season and transplanted. With care, these will produce fruit
in about ten years, whereas those raised from kernels will only yield
dates when they reach to the age of twenty. The tree reaches its vigour
at thirty, and continues so till a hundred years old, when it begins
to decline, and decays about the end of its second century. During its
vigorous years, a good tree will produce between twenty and thirty
clusters, each weighing about thirty pounds.

[Illustration: [++] Naora.]

Mr. Morier relates an anecdote, which greatly illustrates how highly
the date-tree is appreciated by those who are from their infancy taught
to value it. An Arab woman who had been in England, and who returned in
the suite of the English ambassador to Persia, on her reaching home,
told her countrywomen of the riches and beauty of the country she had
visited, and described the roads, the carriages, the scenery, the
splendour of the cities, and the fertility of the well-cultivated soil.
Her audience were full of admiration, and had almost retired in envy,
when she happened to mention that there was but one thing wanting to
make the whole almost a Paradise. "And what is that?" said they. "Why,
it has not a single date-tree. All the time that I was there, I never
ceased to look for one, but I looked in vain." The charm was instantly
broken; the Arabs turned away in pity for men, who, whatever might be
their comforts, or their magnificence, were doomed to live in a country
where there are no date-trees.


PRIMITIVE PAIR OF BELLOWS.

[Illustration: [++] Bellows.]

Atmospheric denudation and weathering have produced remarkable effects
on the lower part of the Nonkreem valley, in the Khasia mountains,
in India, which is blocked up by a pine-crested hill, 200 feet high,
entirely formed of round blocks of granite, heaped up so as to resemble
an old moraine; but, like the Nunklow boulders, these are not arranged
as if by glacial action. The granite is very soft, decomposing into a
course reddish sand, that colours the Boga-panee. To procure the iron
sand, which is disseminated through it, the natives conduct water over
the beds, and as the lighter particles are washed away, the remainder
is removed to troughs, where the separation of the ore is completed.
The smelting is very rudely carried on in charcoal fires, blown by
enormous double-action bellows, worked by two persons, who stand on the
machine, raising the flaps with their hands, and expanding them with
their feet, as shown in our cut. There is neither furnace nor flux used
in the reduction. The fire is kindled on one side of an upright stone
(like the head-stone of a grave), with a small arched hole close to the
ground: near this hole the bellows are suspended: and a bamboo tube
from each of its compartments meets in a larger one, by which the draft
is directed under the hole in the stone to the fire. The ore is run
into lumps as large as two fists, with a rugged surface: these lumps
are afterwards cleft nearly in two to show their purity.


PRESERVATION OF DEAD BODIES.

About a mile distant from Palermo in Sicily, is a celebrated Monastery
of Capuchins, in which there is a vault made use of as a receptacle for
the dead. It consists of four wide passages, each forty feet in length,
into which the light is admitted by windows, placed at the ends. Along
the sides of these subterraneous galleries are niches, in which the
bodies are placed upright, and clothed in a coarse dress, with their
heads, arms, and feet bare. They are prepared for this situation by
broiling them six or seven months upon a gridiron, over a slow fire,
till all the fat and moisture are consumed. The skin which looks
like pale-coloured leather, remains entire, and the character of the
countenance is, in some degree preserved.


THE CAGOTS.

In the Department of the Hautes Pyrénées in France is sometimes to be
met with a creature about four feet high, with an enormous head, stiff,
long hair, a pale countenance, a dead-looking eye, legs that have the
appearance of being in the last stage of a dropsy, and an enormous
_goitre_ on the neck, which sometimes hangs down below the stomach.
This unhappy being begs for charity by extending his hand, smiling
vaguely, and by uttering inarticulate sounds or suppressed cries,
which his desolate and degraded situation alone interprets. These
_Cagots_, for so they are here called, live isolated from the rest of
the world; twenty years ago, if any one of these unfortunate beings
left his hut, and ventured into the towns or villages, the children
would exclaim--_Cagot! Cagot!_ and this cry would bring the smith from
his forge, the shopkeeper from his counter, the private individual
from his fireside; and, if the poor being did not hasten his flight,
and slow was his progress, he not unfrequently lost his life by the
stones that were flung after him. There was, however, one day in the
week--Sunday, the Lord's day--and one asylum--the church, the Lord's
house--that was free to them; yet man there made a distinction between
him and his fellow man. A narrow door, through which no one passed
but the _Cagots_, a chapel, which no one entered but these unhappy
_Cagots_, was reserved for their sole use, where they offered up their
imperfect prayers, without seeing or being seen by any one. Even in
these days, they are still considered an outcast race; and an alliance
of a peasant girl of the plains with a _Cagot_, would excite as much
commotion among the inhabitants of the valleys of the Pyrénées, as
the famed one between Idamore and Néala, in M. Delavigne's celebrated
tragedy of the Paria. Yet it is strange that these deformities do not
show themselves until a child has passed the age of six or seven: he
is before this period like other healthy children; his complexion is
fresh, his eye lively, and his limbs in proportion; but at twelve, his
head has increased prodigiously, his complexion has become sallow,
his teeth have lost their whiteness, his eye its fire. Three years
later his skin is shrivelled, his teeth open with difficulty, and he
pronounces all the consonants with a whistling indistinctness, that
renders his language unintelligible to strangers. His mind partakes of
the deformity and weakness of his body, for he is, at fifteen, little
better than an idiot. Such are the _Cagots_ of the _Pyrénées_.


DISCONTINUANCE OF TORTURE.

Torture had been applied, down to the close of Elizabeth, to the
investigation of all kinds of crime; but after that time it was chiefly
confined to state offences. Its favourite instrument was the dreadful
rack, or break, traditionally said to have been introduced under
Henry VI. by John, Duke of Exeter, constable of the Tower, whence it
was called the Duke of Exeter's daughter. A _milder_ punishment was
inflicted by Skevington's gyves, which compressed the victim closely
together, whilst the rack distended his whole frame in the most painful
manner. In 1588 the manacles were introduced, and soon became the
most usual mode of torture, but their precise character is not well
understood. A variety of instruments of torture are still shown in
the Tower, taken, it is said, out of the Spanish Armada, but at all
events admirably suited to the gloomy dungeon wherein they appear, and
in which half-starvation, and the horrid cells called Little Ease and
Rat's Dungeon (the latter placed below high water mark, and totally
dark, so that the rats crowded in as the tide rose,) added to the
sufferings of the poor victim when released for a brief space from
the fell grasp of the prison-ministers. Torture was not abolished
in Scotland till 1708; in France till 1789; in Russia till 1801; in
Bavaria and Wurtemberg till 1806; in Hanover till 1822; nor in the
Grand Duchy of Baden till 1831.


THE MODERN NAMES OF REGIMENTS.

The modern names of regiments were first given to them in the reign
of Charles II., the Coldstreams or Foot Guards being formed in 1660,
when two regiments were added to one raised about ten years before by
General Monk at Coldstream on the borders of Scotland; to these were
added the 1st Royal Scots, brought over from France at the Restoration.
The Life Guards were raised in 1661, with the Oxford Blues (so called
from the first commander, Aubrey, Earl of Oxford); and also the 2nd
or Queen's Foot. The 3rd or Old Buffs were raised in 1665, and the
21st Foot or Scotch Fusileers (from their carrying the fusil, which
was lighter than the musket), in 1678. In that year the Grenadiers (so
named from their original weapon, the hand grenade) were first brought
into our service, and in 1680 the 4th or King's Own were raised. James
II. added to the cavalry the 1st or King's Regiment of Dragoon's
Guards, and the 2nd or Queen's ditto in 1685; and to the infantry, in
the same year, the 5th and 7th, or Royal Fusileers; and in 1688 the
23rd or Welsh Fusileers.


WATCH PRESENTED BY LOUIS THE THIRTEENTH OF FRANCE TO CHARLES THE FIRST
OF ENGLAND.

[Illustration: [++] Watch Made for Charles I.]

The annexed engraving represents the watch which was made for Louis
XIII. to present to King Charles I. It is of silver, richly gilt, the
ornaments covered with transparent enamel in white, red, green, blue,
and yellow. The numbers are on a band of deep blue; the wheel-like
ornament in the centre on a ruby ground. The back is chased in high
relief with a figure of St. George conquering the Dragon; the horse is
covered with white enamel; the flesh tints on St. George are also of
enamel; his tunic is red, and his scarf blue. On the side of the watch
is the motto of the Order of the Garter; the _fleurs-de-lys_ above and
below it on a ruby ground. The interior of the case is enriched by a
delicately executed arabesque filled with black enamel upon a dotted
ground. The entire works take out of the case, being secured thereto by
springs, and are all more or less decorated with engraving, the whole
interior being chased and gilt. The maker's name is S. Vallin.


A WEDDING A HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

On the 7th June, 1750, was married at Rothbury, Mr. William Donkin, a
considerable farmer, of Tosson, in the county of Northumberland, to
Miss Eleanor Shotten, an agreeable young gentlewoman, of the same
place. The entertainments on this occasion were very grand, there
being provided no less than one hundred and twenty quarters of lamb,
forty quarters of veal, twenty quarters of mutton, a large quantity
of beef, twelve hams, with a suitable number of chickens, which was
concluded with eight half ankers of brandy made into punch, twelve
dozen of cider, and a great many gallons of wine. The company consisted
of five hundred ladies and gentlemen, who were diverted with the music
of twenty-five fiddlers and pipers; and the evening was spent with the
utmost unanimity.


GRACE KNIVES.

There is a curious class of knives, of the sixteenth century, the
blade, of which have on one side the musical notes to the benediction
of the table, or grace before meat, and on the other the grace after
meat. We here engrave a specimen.

[Illustration: [++] Grace Knife.]

The set of these knives usually consisted of four. They were kept in
an upright case of stamped leather, and were placed before the singer
according to the adaptation of each part to the voice indicated upon
them.


GARDEN AT KENILWORTH WHEN IN ITS PRIME.

Gossiping Laneham is very eloquent about the Kenilworth Garden, at
which he took a timid and surreptitious peep. It was an acre or more in
extent, and lay to the north of the stately castle: a pleasant terrace,
ten feet high, and twelve feet broad, even under foot and fresh with
trim grass, ran beside it along the castle wall. It was set with a
goodly show of obelisks and spheres, and white bears of stone, raised
upon goodly bases. At each end was a fine arbour, redolent with sweet
trees and flowers. The garden-plot near had fair alleys of turf, and
others paved with smooth sand, pleasant to walk on as the sea-shore
when the wave has just retired. The enclosure was divided into four
even quarters: in the midst of each, upon a base of two feet square,
rose a porphyry square pilaster, with a pyramidical pinnacle fifteen
feet high, pierced and hollowed, and crowned with an orb. All around
was covered with redolent herbs and flowers, varied in form, colour,
and quantity, and mixed with fruit trees.

In the midst, opposite the terrace, stood a square aviary, joined to
the north wall, in height twenty feet, thirteen long, and fourteen
broad; it had four great windows, two in front and two at each end,
and each five feet wide. These windows were arched, and separated by
flat pilasters, which supported a cornice. The roof was of wire net,
of meshes an inch wide; and the cornice was gilded and painted with
representations of precious stones. This great aviary had also eaves
in the wall, for shelter from sun and heat, and for the purpose of
building. Fair holly trees stood at each end, on which the birds might
perch and pounce. They had a keeper to attend to their seeds and water,
and to clean out their enclosure. The birds were English, French, and
Spanish. Some were from America; and Laneham is "deceived" if some were
not from the Canary Islands.

In the centre of this miniature Paradise stood a fountain with an
octagonal basin rising four feet high; in the midst stood the figures
of two Athletes, back to back, their hands upholding a fair marble
bowl, from whence sundry pipes distilled continual streams into the
reservoir. Carp, tench, bream, perch, and eel disported in the fresh
falling water; and on the top of all the ragged staff was displayed;
on one side Neptune guided his sea-horses with his trident, on another
stood Thetis with her dolphins. Here Triton and his fishes, there
Proteus and his herds, Doris and her daughter, and half the Nereids,
disported in sea and sand, surrounded by whales, sturgeons, tunnies,
and conch shells, all engraven with exquisite device and skill. By the
sudden turn of a tap, the spectator could be drenched at the pleasure
of any wit.


EGYPTIAN ANTIQUITIES.

It appears from a paper recently read in the Academy of Archæology, at
Rome, that Father Secchi has found a new interpretation of the Egyptian
hieroglyphics, which enables him to declare, that most of them are not
mere tombstone inscriptions, as is generally assumed, but poems. He
has given several of his readings, which display great ingenuity, and
professes to be able to decipher the inscriptions on the Obelisk of
Luxor, at Paris.


THE BAYEUX TAPESTRY.

The cathedral at Bayeux is a gothic building, dedicated to the Virgin.
The portal and three belfries, which belong to it, are objects of
curiosity. It is in this cathedral that the celebrated tapestry,
denominated _of Bayeux_, is kept. Its length is one hundred and
thirty-two feet; its breadth, seven and a half. "I had," says Dr.
Ducarel, "the satisfaction of seeing that famous piece of furniture,
which, with great exactness, though in _barbarous needlework_,
represents the history of Harold, King of England; and of William,
Duke of Normandy; from the embassy of the former to Duke William, at
the command of Edward the Confessor, to his overthrow and death, at
the battle fought near Hastings. The ground of this piece of work is a
white linen cloth, or canvas. The figures of men, horses, &c. are in
their proper colours, worked in the manner of the samplers, in worsted,
and of a style not unlike what we see upon the China and Japan ware;
those of the men, particularly, being without the least symmetry or
proportion. There is a small border, which runs at the top and the
bottom of the tapestry; with several figures of men, beasts, flowers,
and even fables, which have nothing to do with the history, but are
mere ornaments. At the end of every particular scene there is a tree,
by way of distinction; and over several of the principal figures there
are inscriptions, but many of them obliterated. It is annually hung
up on St. John's day, and goes round the nave of the church, where
it continues eight days; and at all other times it is carefully kept
locked up in a strong wainscot press, in a chapel on the south side of
the cathedral, dedicated to Thomas à Becket. By tradition it is called,
_Duke William's toilet_, and is said to be the work of Matilda, his
queen, and the ladies of her court, after he had obtained the crown of
England." Mr. Strutt, in his "Complete View of the Dresses and Habits
of the People of England," affirms, that it is the work of half a
century later than the time of the Conqueror.


ROMAN STAMP.

This curiosity is preserved in the British Museum. It is the very
earliest specimen we possess of printing, by means of ink or any
similar substance. It is made of metal, a sort of Roman brass; the
ground of which is covered with a green kind of verdigris rust, with
which antique medals are usually covered. The letters rise flush up to
the elevation of the exterior rim which surrounds it. Its dimensions
are, about two inches long, by one inch broad. At the back of it is a
small ring for the finger, to promote the convenience of holding it. As
no person of the name which is inscribed upon it is mentioned in Roman
History, he is therefore supposed to have been a functionary of some
Roman officer, or private steward, and who, perhaps, used this stamp to
save himself the trouble of writing his name. A stamp somewhat similar,
in the Greek character, is in the possession of the Antiquarian
Society, of Newcastle-on-Tyne.


TYRIAN PURPLE.

The shell-fish portrayed on next page is that from which the Tyrian
purple dye is obtained. The ancients were very devoid of chemical
knowledge; their list of adjective dye-stuffs was therefore restricted,
and all the most celebrated dyes of antiquity belonged to the
substantive division, of which Tyrian purple was undoubtedly the chief.
The purple dye of Tyre, which admits with great propriety of being
included amongst the dyes of Greece and Rome, was discovered about
fifteen centuries before the Christian era, and the art of using it
did not become lost until the eleventh century after Christ. It was
obtained from two genera of one species of shell-fish, the smaller of
which was denominated _buccinum_, the larger _purpura_, and to both the
common name murex was applied. The dye-stuff was procured by puncturing
a vessel in the throat of the larger genus, and by pounding the smaller
entire. Having been thus extracted, salt was added, also a certain
amount of water. The whole was then kept hot about eight or ten days in
a vessel of lead or tin, the impurities as they rose being assiduously
skimmed off. The dye-stuff was now ready to receive the texture to
be dyed (wool, universally), and the operation of dyeing was simple
enough; nothing further being required than the immersion of the whole
for a sufficient time, when, at the expiration of a certain period, the
whole of the colouring matter was found to have been removed, and to
have combined with the textile fabric.

The tints capable of being imparted by this material were
various--representing numerous shades between purple and crimson.
Amongst these a very dark violet shade was much esteemed, but the
right imperial tint, we are informed, was that resembling coagulated
blood. The discovery of Tyrian purple dye is referred to the fifteenth
century before Christ. That it was known to the Egyptians, in the
time of Moses, is sufficiently obvious from the testimony of more
than one scriptural passage. Ultimately, in later ages, a restrictive
policy of the eastern emperors caused the art to be practised by only
a few individuals, and at last, about the commencement of the twelfth
century, when Byzantium was already suffering from attacks without,
and dissensions within, the secret of imparting the purple dye of Tyre
became lost.

[Illustration: [++] Shell-Fish From Which Tyrian Purple Is Extracted.]

The re-discovery of Tyrian purple as it occurred in England was made
by Mr. Cole of Bristol. About the latter end of the year 1683, this
gentleman heard from two ladies residing at Minehead, that a person
living somewhere on the coast of Ireland, supported himself by marking
with a delicate crimson colour the fine linen of ladies and gentlemen
sent him for that purpose, which colour was the product of some liquid
substance taken out of a shell-fish. This recital at once brought
to the recollection of Mr. Cole the tradition of Tyrian purple. He,
without delay, went in quest of the shell-fish, and after trying
various kinds without success, his efforts were at length successful.
He found considerable quantities of the buccinum on the sea-coast
of Somersetshire, and the opposite coast of South Wales. The fish
being found, the next difficulty was to extract the dye, which in its
natural state is not purple, but white, the purple tint being the
result of exposure to the air. At length our acute investigator found
the dye stuff in a white vein lying transversely in a little furrow or
cleft next to the head of the fish.


THE INCARNATIONS OF VISHNU.

There is a part of the mythology of India which seems to be blended
with the history of that country. It relates to the different _avatars_
of Vishnu, or his incarnations and appearances on earth.

[Illustration: [++] Incarnation of Vishnu.]

The first of these _avatars_ has reference to that general deluge of
which all nations have preserved some traditions. Vishnu, we are told,
metamorphosed himself into a fish.

The second incarnation is that of _Kourma_, or the tortoise. The gods
and the giants, wishing to obtain immortality by eating _amourdon_,
delicious butter, formed in one of the seven seas of the universe,
which the Indians call sea of milk, transported, by Vishnu's advice,
the mountain of Mandreguivi into that sea: they twisted round it the
serpent Adissechen, and alternately pulling, some by his hundred heads,
others by the tail, they made the mountain turn round in such a manner,
as to agitate the sea and to convert it into butter; but they pulled
with such rapidity, that Adissechen, overcome with weakness, could no
longer endure it. His body shuddered; his hundred trembling mouths made
the universe resound with hisses; a torrent of flames burst from his
eyes; his hundred black pendent tongues palpitated, and vomited forth a
deadly poison, which immediately spread all around. The gods and giants
betook themselves to flight. Vishnu, bolder than the rest, took the
poison, and with it rubbed his body, which became quite blue. It is in
memory of this event, that this colour is given to his image in almost
all the temples.

The gods and the giants, encouraged by Vishnu's example, fell to
work again. After they had laboured a thousand years, the mountain
was on the point of sinking in the sea, when Vishnu, in the form of
a tortoise, quickly placed himself beneath, and supported it. At
length they saw the cow Camadenu, the horse with seven heads, and the
elephant with three trunks, coming out of the sea of milk; also the
tree _calpaga vrutcham_; Lacshmi, goddess of riches, wife of Vishu;
Saraswadi, goddess of the sciences and of harmony, married to Brama;
Mondevi, goddess of discord and misery, whom nobody would have, and who
is represented riding on an ass, and holding in her hand a banner, on
which a raven is delineated; and, lastly, Danouvandri, the physician,
carrying a vessel full of _amourdon_, which the gods instantly
seized, and greedily devoured, without leaving a morsel. The giants,
disappointed in their expectations, dispersed over the earth, prevented
mankind from paying worship to the gods, and strove to obtain adoration
for themselves. Their insolence occasioned the subsequent incarnations
of Vishnu, who endeavoured to destroy this race, so inimical to the
gods. He is adored in this second metamorphosis, by the name of
_Kourma Avatara_. The followers of Vishnu believe that this god,
though omnipresent, resides more particularly in the _vaicondom_, his
paradise, amidst the sea of milk, reclined, in contemplative slumber,
on the serpent Adissechen, which serves him for a throne: in this state
he is called _Siranguan_. In all the temples of Vishnu is to be seen
the figure of this god; but as the serpent on which he lies cannot be
represented with his hundred heads, he is delineated with only five.

There are altogether ten incarnations of Vishnu; nine of these have
already been fulfilled, and one is yet to be manifested, it is
expected about ninety thousand years hence. The account of many of the
transformations is exceedingly extraordinary, but we have room for no
more than the one we have given.


ORIGIN OF LONG-TOED SHOES.

Long-toed shoes were invented by Fulk, Count of Anjou, to hide an
excrescence on one of his feet. These toes were so long as to be
fastened to the knees with gold chains, and carved at the extreme point
with the representation of a church window, a bird, or some fantastic
device.


THE HOUSE OF HEN'S FEATHERS.

There exists at Pekin a phalanstery which surpasses in eccentricity
all that the fertile imagination of Fourier could have conceived. It
is called Ki-mao-fan--that is, "House of the Hen's Feathers." By dint
of carrying out the laws of progress, the Chinese have found means
to furnish to the poorest of the community a warm feather-bed, for
the small consideration of one-fifth of a farthing per night. This
marvellous establishment is simply composed of one great hall, and the
floor of this great hall is covered over its whole extent by one vast
thick layer of feathers. Mendicants and vagabonds who have no other
domicile come to pass the night in this immense dormitory. Men, women,
and children, old and young, all without exception, are admitted.
Communism prevails in the full force and rigour of the expression.
Every one settles himself and makes his nest as well as he can for
the night in this ocean of feathers; when day dawns he must quit the
premises, and an officer of the company stands at the door to receive
the rent of one sapeck each for the night's lodging. In deference no
doubt to the principle of equality, half-places are not allowed, and a
child must pay the same as a grown person.

On the first establishment of this eminently philanthropic and moral
institution, the managers of it used to furnish each of the guests
with a covering, but it was found necessary to modify this regulation,
for the communist company got into the habit of carrying off their
coverlets to sell them, or to supply an additional garment during the
rigorous cold of winter. The shareholders saw that this would never do,
and they should be ruined, yet to give no covering at all would have
been too cruel, and scarcely decent. It was necessary therefore to find
some method of reconciling the interests of the establishment with the
comfort of the guests, and the way in which the problem was solved was
this. An immense felt coverlet, of such gigantic dimensions as to cover
the whole dormitory, was made, and in the day time suspended from the
ceiling like a great canopy. When everybody had gone to bed, that is to
say, had lain down upon the feathers, the counterpane was let down by
pulleys; the precaution having been previously taken to make a number
of holes in it for the sleepers to put their heads through, in order
to escape the danger of suffocation. As soon as it is daylight, the
phalansterian coverlet is hoisted up again, after a signal has been
made on the tam-tam to awaken those who are asleep, and invite them to
draw their heads back into the feathers, in order not to be caught by
the neck and hoisted into the air with the coverlet. This immense swarm
of beggars is then seen crawling about in the sea of dirty feathers,
and inserting themselves again into their miserable rags, preparatory
to gathering into groups, and dispersing about the various quarters of
the town to seek by lawful or unlawful means their scanty subsistence.


THE USEFUL AND THE BEAUTIFUL.

The tomb of Moses is unknown; but the traveller slakes his thirst at
the well of Jacob. The gorgeous palace of the wisest and wealthiest
of monarchs, with cedar, and the gold, and ivory, and even the great
Temple of Jerusalem, hallowed by the visible glory of the Deity
himself, are gone; but Solomon's reservoirs are as perfect as ever. Of
the ancient architecture of the Holy City, not one stone is left upon
another, but the Pool of Bethsaida commands the pilgrim's reverence, at
the present day. The columns of Persepolis are mouldering into dust;
but its cistern and aqueducts remain to challenge our admiration. The
golden house of Nero is a mass of ruins, but the Aqua Claudia still
pours into Rome its limpid stream. The Temple of the Sun, at Tadmore,
in the wilderness, has fallen, but its fountain sparkles in its rays,
as when thousands of worshippers thronged its lofty colonnades. It
may be that London will share the fate of Babylon, and nothing be
left, to mark it, save mounds of crumbling brickwork. The Thames will
continue to flow as it does now. And if any work of art should rise
over the deep ocean, time, we may well believe, that it will be
neither a palace nor a temple, but some vast aqueduct or reservoir;
and if any name should flash through the mist or antiquity, it would
probably be that of the man, who in his day, sought the happiness of
his fellow men, rather than glory, and linked his memory to some great
work of national utility or benevolence. This is the true glory which
outlives all others, and shines with undying lustre from generation
to generation, imparting to works some of its own immortality, and in
some degree rescuing them from the ruin which overtakes the ordinary
monument of historical tradition or mere magnificence.


CROMWELL'S BRIDGE AT GLENGARIFF.

[Illustration: [++] Cromwell's Bridge at Glengariff.]

The village of Glengariff, near Bantry Bay, consists of but a few
houses. The only "antiquity" in the immediate neighbourhood is the
old bridge, now a picturesque ruin, which, in ancient times, was on
the high road to Berehaven; it is called "Cromwell's Bridge." It is
accurately represented in the above engraving. History being silent as
to the origin of the name, we must have recourse to tradition. When
Oliver was passing through the glen, to "visit" the O'Sullivans, he had
so much trouble in getting across the narrow but rushing river, that he
told the inhabitants, if they did not build him a bridge by the time he
returned, he would hang up a man for every hour's delay he met with.
"So the bridge was ready agin he come back," quoth our informant; "for
they knew the ould villian to be a man of his word."


THE TURBAN IN ARABIA.

A fashionable Arab will wear fifteen caps one above another, some of
which are linen, but the greater part of thick cloth or cotton. That
which covers the whole is richly embroidered with gold, and inwrought
with texts or passages from the Koran. Over all there is wrapped a sash
or large piece of muslin, with the ends hanging down, and ornamented
with silk or gold fringes. This useless encumbrance is considered a
mark of respect towards superiors. It is also used, as the beard was
formerly in Europe, to indicate literary merit; and those who affect
to be thought men of learning, discover their pretensions by the size
of their turbans. No part of Oriental costume is so variable as this
covering for the head. Niebuhr has given illustrations of forty-eight
different ways of wearing it.


STONEWARE.

Stoneware was made at a very early period in China, and is much used as
a basis on which a paste of porcelain is laid, to save the expenditure
of the latter material, as well as to give strength and solidity to the
piece. Most of the larger pieces of Oriental production are found to be
thus formed. The red Japan ware is a very fine unglazed stoneware, and
has raised ornaments, which are sometimes gilt. A curious coffee-pot
of this ware, imitating a bundle of bamboo canes, and not unlike the
Chinese musical instrument called a mouth-organ, from the collection of
the late Mr. Beckford, is here represented.

[Illustration: [++] Stoneware Coffee-Pot.]

Stoneware is supposed to have been made at a very early period in
England by Dutch and German workmen; and from this circumstance it
is almost impossible to distinguish the earlier fabrics of these
respective countries. The discovery, in 1690, of an economical process
of glazing this ware by means of common salt, which made it impermeable
to liquids, soon brought it into general use, and displaced all the
manufactures of the Delft and soft paste fabrics. A mottled-brown
stoneware, known to collectors, is stated to be the manufacture of the
age of Edward VI., in consequence of some of the specimens having a
silver mounting of the make and fashion of the period of Elizabeth's
reign. There is also a large flagon in the Museum of Economic Geology,
ornamented with the royal arms of Elizabeth in relief, with the date
1594. These specimens cannot, however, be deemed conclusive of so early
a manufacture in England. The first-mentioned specimens, though the
mounting is English, may have been of German manufacture, as pieces
of similar description of ware are to be seen in various collections
of German pottery abroad. The latter specimen may either have been
made at Cologne for the use of the Queen's household, or if of English
manufacture, it must, in the opinion of a very eminent manufacturer,
have been made at a much later period than the date upon it. In a
letter received, he states "that it is a common practice even now among
potters to use moulds of all dates and styles, which have been got up
originally for very different kinds of ornamental work, and that he
is strongly inclined to think that the mould from which the devices
on this vessel have been pressed, was modelled many years before the
vessel was made, and that the vessel itself is comparatively modern."
Stoneware, ornamented with devices in white clay, was made in the
seventeenth century at Fulham, also at Lambeth, and subsequently at
Staffordshire; but there is no satisfactory evidence of any earlier
manufactory in England.

Towards the end of the seventeenth century, some specimens of red Japan
ware were imported into Europe. Both Dutch and English manufacturers
attempted to imitate them, but failed for want of the proper clay.
About this period, two brothers of the name of Elers, from Nuremberg,
discovered at Bradwell, only two miles distant from Burslem, a bed
of fine compact red clay, which they worked in a small manufactory,
established in a retired situation upon the bed itself. They took
every precaution to prevent any one seeing their process or learning
their secret. They went so far as to employ none but the most ignorant
and almost idiot workmen they could find. Astbury, the elder, had
the talent to counterfeit the idiot, and, moreover, the courage to
persevere in this character for some years during which he continued
in their employ. From memory he made notes of the processes, and
drawings of the machinery used. In consequence of the secret being
thus discovered, numerous establishments arose in competition with
that of the Elers, and, owing to the general prejudice against them
as foreigners, they were finally compelled, in 1720, to quit their
establishment. They retired to the neighbourhood of London, and, it is
supposed, contributed by their skill and industry to the establishment
of the Chelsea Porcelain Manufactory.


GREAT BELL OF ROUEN.

The grand entrance to the cathedral of Rouen is flanked by two towers,
the one was erected by St. Romain; the expense for constructing the
other, which bears the whimsical name of _Tour-de-beurre_, was raised
by the product arising from permissions granted to the more wealthy
and epicurean part of the inhabitants of the city, to eat butter in
Lent. It was in this tower that the celebrated bell, the largest in
the world, was erected; it weighed 40,000 lbs.; it was converted into
cannon in the year 1793. The founder of this bell died of joy on seeing
its completion. It went by his name, that of George D'Amboise, and
round it was the following distich in gothic characters:--

    "Je suis nomme George d'Amboise,
     Qui bien trente-six-mille poise,
     Et celui qui bien me pesera,
     Quarante mille trouvera."


VARIATIONS IN THE COINAGE.

Henry VIII. greatly debased both his gold and silver coins, which he
alloyed with copper to a great extent. The proportions of the pound,
indeed, in 1546, amounted to 8 oz. of alloy to 4 oz. of silver, which
constituted, a positively base coin, the old allowance having been
but 18 pennyweights of alloy to 11 oz. and 2 pennyweights of silver.
His depreciations were equally daring, for out of the pound of silver
he now coined 576 pennies or 48s. The gold coins of this monarch were
sovereigns, half-sovereigns or rials, half and quarter rials, angels,
half and quarter angels, George nobles, and forty-penny pieces. In
this reign the immemorial privileges of the sees of Canterbury, York,
and Durham, for coining small money, was abandoned, the last Bishop
that used it being Wolsey's successor, Edward Lee.

Edward VI. carried both depreciation and debasement still farther; but
towards the close of his reign he was obliged to restore the currency
to something like the ancient standard. He was the first that issued
crowns, half-crowns, and sixpences. Little alterations were made by
Mary, beyond striking coins with her husband's head as well as her own;
but under Elizabeth the coinage was, at length, completely recovered
from its debasement, the old proportion of 18 pennyweights of alloy
being restored, which has continued to the present day. The number of
shillings struck out of a pound of silver was not lessened, however,
for it continued to be sixty, as in the preceding reign, till 1601,
when it was increased to sixty-two, at which rate it went on to 1816,
when it was raised to sixty-six, at which it now remains. Her gold
coins are much the same as before, but are distinguished by having
the edges milled for the first time. Shortly before her death she had
intended to coin farthings and other small pieces of copper, a metal
which had not yet been made use of in this country.


CHAFFINCH CONTEST.

At the town of Armentières, in France, there is a _fête du pays_,
called _hermesse_, or _ducasse d'Armentières_, in which the chaffinch
and its fellows are the chief actors and objects of attraction. Numbers
of these birds are trained with the greatest care, and no small share
of cruelty, for they are frequently blinded by their owners, that
their song may not be interrupted by any external object. The point
upon which the amusement, the honour, and the emolument rests, is, the
number of times which a bird will repeat his song in a given time. A
day being fixed, the amateurs repair to the appointed place, each with
his bird in a cage. The prize is then displayed, and the birds are
placed in a row. A bird-fancier notes how many times each bird sings,
and another verifies his notes. In the year 1812, a chaffinch repeated
his song seven hundred times in one hour. Emulated by the songs of each
other, they strain their little "plumed throats," as if conscious that
honour was to result from their exertions.


EXPENSIVENESS OF DRESS IN THE TIME OF JAMES I.

Dress, indeed, must have swallowed up almost every thing at a time when
James and his courtiers set the fashion of appearing in a new garb
almost every day. When the Duke of Buckingham was sent to France to
bring over Henrietta Maria, he provided, amongst others, one suit of
white uncut velvet, and a cloak set all over with diamonds, valued at
£80,000; besides a feather made of great diamonds, and sword, girdle,
hat-band, and spurs, thick set with the same. Another suit of purple
satin, embroidered all over with pearls, was valued at £20,000. At the
marriage of the Princess Elizabeth with the Palatine, Lady Wotton wore
a gown profusely ornamented with embroidery that cost £50 a yard; and
Lord Montague spent £1,500 on the dresses of his two daughters for that
occasion. By this account it would seem that the ladies were, at all
events, not more expensive in their attire than gentlemen.


INGENUITY OF THE TUNISIANS.

A stranger visiting a city like Tunis, cannot but be struck with the
various peculiarities, which present themselves to his view, wherever
he turns. In their government, mercantile pursuits, professions and
trades, the Tunisians are centuries behind. But, with all their
disadvantages, the traveller, in traversing their crowded _sooks_
(market places) and serpentine streets, finds numerous illustrations of
the proverb, "Necessity is the mother of invention." In every workshop
some tool, or implement, presents itself, which is as curious in its
formation as it is strange to see the peculiar use for which it is
intended, and the manner in which it is employed. We may illustrate
this by a sketch of a turner.

[Illustration: [++] Ingenuity of a Turner.]

The extraordinary ingenuity here exhibited by the remarkable use which
the artisan makes of his feet and toes, as well as of his hands, cannot
fail to attract attention; and the display of his lathe and tools is
equally curious.


SHÁNÁR MUSICAL INSTRUMENT.

Two acts seem essential to the demon worship of the Shánárs of
Tin-nevelly (a portion of the aborigines of India)--dancing and bloody
sacrifices. They have no priest. The person who conducts the ceremony,
which is undertaken from choice, is called the rotator of the demon.
The head man of the village, or any other person, male or female, may
officiate. The dress is grotesque, consisting of a sort of coat of
various colours, a cap, and other vestments, arranged so as to strike
the spectators with their comic appearance. In this service several
musical instruments are used, but the most notable among them is one
called a _bow_. It consists of a bow strung and ornamented with bells.
This is placed on a brazen vessel of a globular form. The bow is struck
with a plectrum, and the bass is produced by the application of an
instrument to the brazen pot, another person keeping time by playing a
pair of cymbals, as seen in the annexed cut.

[Illustration: [++] Shánár Musical Instrument.]

The jarring, discordant, uproarious and cacophonous character of this
musical accompaniment exceeds description, and when the parties are
vieing with each other for pre-eminence, it is indeed the most horrid
din that can be produced. At first the movements of the dancer may
be slow, but as the music waxes louder and takes effect, he becomes
gradually more excited, urging himself to phrenzy by striking himself
violently, and applying his mouth to the neck of the decapitated
sacrificial victim, he drinks its blood, and possibly a potation
of ardent spirits. The afflatus thus acquired, its effects become
visible in the frantic glare and the convulsive gesticulations of
the possessed. This is greeted by the spectators with the loudest
acclamations. The dancer is now deified or demonized, and he is
consulted by the eager and delighted worshippers who do him homage.
Each one puts his questions as his fancy or his needs may dictate.
The possessed or demonized dancer, being more like a maniac than
aught else, and subject to various contortions of body, utters his
oracles with much indistinctness, rendering it necessary that some
one initiated into these mysteries should interpret his wild and
incoherent utterances. His ambiguous sayings and curious innuendos are
so indefinite as to need interpretation.


SINGULAR LOCAL CUSTOMS.

In the department of the Hautes Alpes of France, in the commune
of _Guillaume-Perouse_, at the village of _Andrieux_, where the
inhabitants are deprived during one hundred days of the bright beams
of the sun, there is a fête, called _Le retour du soleil_, on the
10th of February. At the dawn of day, four shepherds announce, to the
sound of fifes and trumpets, the commencement of this joyous day.
Every cottager having prepared an omelette, the eldest inhabitant of
the village, to whom the title of _Vénérable_ is given, leads the way
to the square; here they form a chain and dance the _ferandola_ round
him: after the dance is concluded, he leads the way to a stone bridge
at the entrance of the village, the shepherds playing upon their rural
instruments the while. Every one having deposited his omelette on the
stone coping, they repair to a neighbouring meadow, where the dancing
re-commences and continues until the first rays of the sun gleam
athwart the velvet turf: the dance then instantly ceases, each one
hastens for his pancake, and holding it up, presents it as an offering
to the god of day; the _Vénérable_ holds his up with both his hands.
As soon as the sun shines upon the village the procession returns to
the square, where the party separates, and every one repairs to his
own home, to eat his pancake with his family. This ceremony cannot
fail to recal the heathen mythology to the reader, who must see in it
the offerings made to Apollo; or, perhaps, it may be the remains of
some Druidical superstition, as the Druids paid particular devotion to
the sun; at any rate, it is a curious vestige of some religion long
since gone by. In some of the communes of this department the dead
are wrapped in a winding-sheet, but are not inclosed in a coffin. In
the valleys of _Queyras_ and of _Grave_, the dead are suspended in a
barn during five months in the winter, until the earth be softened by
the sun's rays, when the corpse is consigned to its native element.
All funereal ceremonies are closed by eating and drinking. In some
communes the people carry a flagon of wine to the churchyard; and on
the return of the guests to the home of the deceased, it becomes a
scene of bacchanalian revels, in which the groans and sighs of the
mourners mingle with the songs and jests of the inebriated guests.
At _Argentiere_, after the burial, the tables are set out round the
churchyard; that of the curate and the mourning family over the grave
itself. The dinner concluded, the nearest relation takes a glass; his
example is followed by the rest, repeating with him, _A la santé du
pauvre mort_.


SEVERITY OF RUSSIAN PUNISHMENTS.

The Russians are remarkable for the severity and variety of their
punishments, which are both inflicted and endured with a wonderful
insensibility. Peter the Great used to suspend the robbers upon the
Wolga, and other parts of his dominions by iron hooks fixed to their
ribs, on gibbets, where they writhed themselves to death, hundreds,
nay thousands, at a time. The single and double knoute were lately
inflicted upon ladies, as well as men of quality. Both of them are
excruciating, but in the double knoute, the hands are bound behind
the prisoner's back; and the cord being fixed to a pulley, lifts him
from the ground, with the dislocation of both his shoulders, and then
his back is in a manner sacrificed by the executioner, with a hard
thong, cut from a wild ass's akin. This punishment has been so often
fatal, that a surgeon generally attends the patient to pronounce the
moment that it should cease. Another barbarous punishment practised in
Russia is, first boring the tongue of the criminal through with an hot
iron, and then cutting it out: and even the late Empress Elizabeth,
though she prohibited capital punishments, was forced to give way to
the necessity of those tortures. From these particulars, many have
concluded that the feelings of the Russians are different from those of
mankind in general.


FIRST RHINOCEROS IN EUROPE.

The first rhinoceros ever seen in Europe was that of which Pliny speaks
as having been presented by Pompey to the Roman people. According to
Dion Cassius, Augustus caused another to be killed in the Roman circus,
when celebrating his triumph over Cleopatra. Strabo states that he saw
one at Alexandria, and he has left a description of it. All these were
of the one-horned species. At a later period the two-horned species
were introduced, as appears from medals bearing their effigies struck
in the reign of Domitian. During the time known as the dark ages,
investigations in natural history and every other department of science
and learning were utterly neglected, and the rhinoceros was as mythical
to Europe as the phoenix or the salamander. On the revival of letters,
however, and the extension of maritime discovery, a lively interest was
manifested in the productions of foreign countries. In 1513 the king
of Portugal presented the Roman Pontiff with a rhinoceros captured in
India; but, unfortunately, the ship was wrecked on its way to Italy:
the pope lost his present, and the rhinoceros his life. All that was
preserved was a rough sketch, engraved by Albert Durer; and down to a
very recent date, nearly all our representations were taken from this
rough draft.

In 1685 a rhinoceros was captured and brought to England. In 1739 and
1741 two others were exhibited in various parts of Europe. In 1800 a
young one was brought from India, intended for a menagerie at Vienna,
but died at London on the way, and was dissected by Mr. Thomas, who
published the results of his investigations, and thus gave the public a
better idea of the animal than they ever had before.


TURKISH CARRIAGE.

The curiously-shaped vehicle which we have engraved on the next page,
is a Turkish _araba_, a carriage chiefly used by ladies. An account of
one of them is pleasantly introduced by Mr. Albert Smith in his "Month
at Constantinople" when describing the visit of the Sultan to one of
the mosques:--

"Every Friday the Sultan goes to mosque publicly. It is not known until
the very morning which establishment he means to patronise; but your
dragoman has secret channels of information, and he always informs you
in time to 'assist' at the ceremony.

"The first time I went, Abdul Medjid had selected for his devotions the
mosque of Beglerbeg, a village on the Asiatic side of the Bosphorus,
the temple of which stands in the same relation and bearing to St.
Sophia--to use a very familiar simile--as Rotherhithe Church does to
St. Paul's. It was a perfect English morning--foggy and cold (Oct. 7)
with muddy streets and spitting rain. I crossed into Asia--one learns
to speak of Asia, at Constantinople, as he would do of the borough--in
a two-oared caique, and on landing went up to the mosque, which is
close to the shore.

A crowd of people, consisting principally of females, had collected
before the mosque, and a square space was kept by the soldiers. Some
little courtesy was shown to visitors, as the Franks were permitted to
cross this enclosure to a corner close to the door, by which the Sultan
was to enter.

[Illustration: [++] Turkish Carriage.]

He was not very punctual to his time, but there was enough to amuse
the visitors; more especially in the arrival of the women, who came up
as near as they could to the building, in all sorts of odd vehicles.
Several were like those I had seen on the bridge at Pera, but one
was very fine indeed. It was more like a waggon than a carriage, and
painted bright blue, with red wheels and awning. In it were five ladies
of the Sultan's harem, very gaily dressed, and laughing loudly as the
vehicle shook them about over the rugged road. It was drawn by two
buffaloes, and they had a singular arrangement of worsted tufts over
their heads, of various bright colours. This was the first waggon of
the kind I had seen, but I afterwards found them very common. Other
women were on foot, and a number of these had collected upon a hillock
under a tree, where they talked and quarrelled incessantly. One very
pale and handsome girl arrived alone, in a car, preceded by two or
three attendants: and, whilst trying to pass a narrow thoroughfare
amongst the other vehicles, the wheel of her own got smashed to pieces.
She was then close to the Frank visitors, and, as she appeared likely
to be overturned, two or three gentlemen from Misseri's hotel, ran
forward to offer their assistance. In a minute they were put back by
the attendants, who could not think of allowing their mistress to be
touched, even from chance, by a Christian. The carriage was propped
up, as well as it could be; and its inmate, who had remained perfectly
tranquil during the accident, fixed her large eyes on the enclosure,
and never moved them again, to the right or left."


CURIOUS INDIAN COMB.

[Illustration: [++] Indian Comb.]

At the foot of the Himalayas, and not far from the European station
of Darjeeling, there is a tract of country which is still inhabited
by a tribe of very ancient origin, called the Mechs; they are rapidly
degenerating, and indeed may be said to be even now almost worn out as
a distinct tribe. They are but rarely visited by Europeans; but Dr.
Hooker inspected their district in 1850, and gives the following brief
description of its appearance:--

"We arrived on the third day at the Mechi river, to the west of which
the Nepal Morung begins, whose belt of Sal forest loomed on the
horizon, so raised by refraction as to be visible as a dark line, from
the distance of many miles. It is, however, very poor, all the large
trees having been removed. We rode for several miles into it, and
found the soil dry and hard, but supporting a prodigious undergrowth
of gigantic harsh grasses that reached to our heads, though we were
mounted on elephants. Tigers, wild elephants, and the rhinoceros are
said to be found here; but we saw none.

"The old and new Mechi rivers are several miles apart, but flow in the
same depression, a low swamp many miles broad, which is grazed at this
season, and cultivated during the rains. The grass is very rich, partly
owing to the moisture of the climate, and partly to the retiring
waters of the rivers; both circumstances being the effects of proximity
to the Himalayas. Hence cattle (buffaloes and the common humped cow
of India) are driven from the banks of the Ganges 300 miles to these
feeding grounds, for the use of which a trifling tax is levied on each
animal. The cattle are very carelessly herded, and many are carried off
by tigers."

We give a sketch on previous page of a pocket-comb which Dr. Hooker
obtained from one of the natives: it is, at all events, much more
tasteful in its form and ornamentation than the usual run of English
pocket-combs.


SINGULAR HINDOO VOW.

The following extraordinary vow is performed by some of the Hindoo
at their festival of _Charak Puja_:--Stretching himself on the earth
on his back, the devotee takes a handful of moist earth, and placing
this on his under lip, he plants in it some mustard-seed, and exposes
himself to the dews of the night and the heat of the day till the seed
germinates. In this posture the man must lie in a fixed motionless
condition, without food or drink, till the vegetable process liberates
him, which will generally be about the fourth day.


THE ARRANGEMENT OF ABBEY BUILDINGS.

At the dissolution of the Abbeys in England, under King Henry VIII.,
190 were dissolved, of from £200 to £35,000 a year; amounting to an
aggregate sum of £2,853,000 per annum. The principal buildings of
an Abbey, were, first, the church, differing little from one of the
cathedrals of the present day. Attached to one side of the nave,
commonly the southern, was, secondly, the great cloister, which had
two entrances to the church, at the eastern and western ends of the
aisles of the nave, for the greater solemnity of processions. Over the
western side of the cloister, was, thirdly, the dormitory of the monks;
a long room, divided into separate cells, each containing a bed, with
a mat, blanket, and rug, together with a desk and stool, and occupied
by a monk. This apartment had a door, which opened immediately into
the church, on account of midnight offices. Attached to the side of
the cloister, opposite to the church, was fourthly, the refectory,
where the monks dined; near to which, was the locutorium, or parlour,
an apartment answering to the common room of a college, where in the
intervals of prayer and study, the monks sat and conversed. Beyond,
was the kitchen and its offices; and, adjoining to it, the buttery,
&c. On the eastern side of the cloisters was, in the centre, the
chapter-house, where the business of the Abbey was transacted; and near
it, the library, and scriptorium, where the monks employed themselves
in copying books. On this side, also, was the treasury, where the
costly plate and church ornaments were kept. The abbot and principal
officers of the convent, had all separate houses, to the eastward of
the cloister; in which part of the building, were usually the hostelry
and question hall--rooms for the entertainment of strangers; and, also,
the apartment of novices. Westward of the cloister was an outward
court, round which was the monks' infirmary, and the almery. An
embattled gatehouse led to this court, which was the principal entrance
of the Abbey. The whole was surrounded with a high wall, including
in its precincts, gardens, stables, granary, &c. Some of the great
Abbeys--as Glastonbury, and Furness--covered sixty acres of ground. The
situation chosen for the site of an Abbey was as different from that of
the castle as the purpose to which it was applied. The one meant for
defence stands boldly on the hill; the other, intended for meditation,
is hid in the sequestered valley. The abbots were originally laymen and
subject to the bishop.


TAME FISH.

In sailing down the river Irawadi, in the neighbourhood of Amarapoora,
the capital of the empire of Burmah, Captain Yule met with some tame
fish, which he thus describes:--

"Having gone over the little island, I returned to my boat, where a
sight awaited me, that I confess astonished me more than anything I
have ever seen before.

"On nearing the island as we descended the river, the headman in the
boat had commenced crying out _tet-tet! tet-tet!_ as hard as he could,
and on my asking him what he was doing, he said he was calling the
fish. My knowledge of Burmese did not allow me to ask him further
particulars, and my interpreter was in the other boat, unwell. But, on
my coming down to the boat again, I found it surrounded on both sides
with large fish, some three or four feet long; a kind of blunt-nosed,
broad-mouthed dog-fish. Of these there were, I suppose, some fifty.
In one group, which I studied more than the others, there were ten.
These were at one side of the boat, half their bodies, or nearly half,
protruded vertically from the water, their mouths all gaping wide. The
men had some of the rice prepared for their own dinners, and with this
they were feeding them, taking little pellets of rice, and throwing
these down the throats of the fish. Each fish, as he got something to
eat, sunk, and having swallowed his portion, came back to the boatside
for more. The men continued occasionally their cry of _tet-tet-tet!_
and, putting their hands over the gunnel of the boat, stroked the fish
on the back, precisely as they would stroke a dog. This I kept up for
nearly half an hour, moving the boat slightly about, and invariably the
fish came at call, and were fed as before. The only effect which the
stroking down or patting on the back of the fish seemed to have, was to
cause them to gape still wider for their food. During March, I am told,
there is a great festival here, and it is a very common trick for the
people to get some of the fish into the boat, and even to gild their
backs by attaching some gold leaf, as they do in the ordinary way to
pagodas, &c. On one of these fish remains of the gilding were visible.
I never was so amused or astonished. I wished to have one of the fish
to take away as a specimen, but the people seemed to think it would be
a kind of sacrilege, so I said nothing more on the point. The Phoongyis
are in the habit of feeding them daily, I was informed. Their place of
abode is the deep pool formed at the back of the island, by the two
currents meeting round its sides. And it is, it appears, quite a sight,
which the people from great distances come to see, as well as to visit
the Pagoda, which is said to be very ancient and much venerated."


ANCIENT WEAPON.

The formidable weapon which we here engrave, is a concealed ranseur
of the time of Henry VIII., from Genoa. It forms one long instrument,
but our limits have compelled us to divide into three parts. 1, is
the butt: 2, the middle; and 3, the point. The upper part is an iron
cylinder, with a cap on the top. This is opened by touching the bolt
seen a little below it in front, and then, by giving the weapon a jerk
forwards, the blades fly out, and produce the form of the partisan.
Upon those, on each side, is written, "Al Segno Del Cor"--"To the mark
of the heart." When in the state seen in the engraving, the blades are
held so firmly that they cannot be thrust back; and the only mode of
returning them into the cylinder is by striking the butt end against
the ground, when they instantly fall in.

[Illustration: [++] Concealed Ranseur.]

This weapon, we apprehend, must have been more formidable in appearance
than useful in action. Once let a man get a fair thrust with it at his
enemy, and, it is true, the effect of that one stroke would be fatal,
but in battle it would most probably prove fatal also to the man who
wielded the weapon, for before he could have time to draw it back, a
comrade of the wounded man would have plenty of opportunity to rush in
and cut the striker of the blow down. On seeing this and other clumsy
weapons which were so much in vogue in former times, we cannot be
surprised that none of them have continued in use to the present day.
Weapons such as the one we here engrave, have long been thrown aside,
and short weapons are now only used for all hand to hand encounters.


THE BABES OF BETHLEHEM.

It is an ancient custom at Norton, near Evesham, Worcestershire, on the
28th of December (Innocents' Day) to ring a muffled peal, in token
of sorrow for the slaughter of the hapless "babes of Bethlehem," and,
immediately afterwards, an unmuffled peal, in manifestation of joy for
the deliverance and escape of the infant Saviour.


GAUNTLET OF HENRY PRINCE OF WALES.

[Illustration: [++] Gauntlet of Henry Prince of Wales.]

The highly interesting relic of which we here give a sketch is of a
russet colour, engraved and gilt, the ornamental parts being sunk
lower than the surface. The initials of the owner, surmounted by a
coronet, occur in two places, as do also the rose and thistle. Henry
was born on the 19th of February, 1594 and was nine years of age when
his father ascended the throne of England. When seven, he commenced
the acquirement of martial exercises--as the use of the bow, pike,
firearms, and the art of riding; and at ten applied to Colonel Edmondes
to send him a suit of armour from Holland. On the discovery of the
Gunpowder Plot, Lord Spencer made him a present of a sword and target;
and, in 1607, Louis, the Dauphin, son of Henry IV. of France, sent him
a suit of armour, well gilt and enamelled, together with pistols and
a sword of the same kind, and the armour for a horse. His martial and
romantic disposition displayed itself on the occasion of his being
created Prince of Wales in 1610, when he caused a challenge to be given
to all the knights in Great Britain, under the name of Mæliades, Lord
of the Isles; and on the day appointed, the Prince, assisted only by
the Duke of Lenox, the Earls of Arundel and Southampton, Lord Hay, Sir
Thomas Somerset, and Sir Richard Preston, who instructed his Highness
in arms, maintained the combat against fifty-six earls, barons,
knights, and esquires. Henry himself gave and received thirty-two
pushes of the pike, and about three hundred and sixty strokes of
the sword, not being yet sixteen years of age. From the size of the
gauntlet, the initials H. P., and a prince's coronet, if not made on
this occasion, it could not have been much anterior; and, from most
of his armour being sent from abroad, the impression would be that it
is of foreign manufacture. Yet there is in the State Paper Office an
original warrant ordering the payment of £200, the balance of £340,
for a rich suit of armour made for Henry Prince of Wales, dated July
11, 1614, he having died on the 6th of November, 1612. This document
is directed by King James I. to the Commissioners for the exercise of
the office of High Treasurer of England, and states that, "Whereas
there was made, in the office of our armory of Greenwich, by William
Pickeringe, our master workman there, one rich armour with all peeces
compleate, fayrely gilt and graven, by the commaundement of our late
deere sonne Prince Henry, which armour was worth (as we are informed)
the somme of three hundred and forty poundes, whereof the said William
Pickeringe hath receaved of our said late deere sonne the somme of one
hundred and forty poundes only, soe as there remayneth due unto him the
somme of two hundred poundes"--therefore they are ordered to discharge
the same forthwith.


THE SIMOOM.

Arabia is frequently visited by the terrible simoom, called by the
natives _shamiel_, or the wind of Syria, under whose pestilential
influence all nature seems to languish and expire. This current
prevails chiefly on the frontiers, and more rarely in the interior.
It is in the arid plains about Bussora, Bagdad, Aleppo, and in the
environs of Mecca, that it is most dreaded, and only during the intense
heats of summer. The Arabs, being accustomed to an atmosphere of great
purity, are said to perceive its approach by its sulphureous odour,
and by an unusual redness in the quarter whence it comes. The sky, at
other times serene and cloudless, appears lurid and heavy; the sun
loses his splendour, and appears of a violet colour. The air, saturated
with particles of the finest sand, becomes thick, fiery, and unfit for
respiration. The coldest substances change their natural qualities;
marble, iron, and water, are hot, and deceive the hand that touches
them. Every kind of moisture is absorbed; the skin is parched and
shrivelled; paper cracks as if it were in the mouth of an oven. When
inhaled by men or animals, the simoom produces a painful feeling as of
suffocation. The lungs are too rarefied for breathing, and the body is
consumed by an internal heat, which often terminates in convulsions
and death. The carcases of the dead exhibit symptoms of immediate
putrefaction, similar to what is observed to take place on bodies
deprived of life by thunder, or the effect of electricity.

When this pestilence visits towns or villages, the inhabitants shut
themselves up, the streets are deserted, and the silence of night
everywhere reigns. Travellers in the desert sometimes find a crevice
in the rocks; but if remote from shelter, they must abide the dreadful
consequences. The only means of escaping from these destructive blasts,
is to lie flat on the ground until they pass over, as they always move
at a certain height in the atmosphere. Instinct teaches even animals to
bow down their heads, and bury their nostrils in the sand. The danger
is most imminent when they blow in squalls, which raise up clouds of
sand in such quantities, that it becomes impossible to see to the
distance of a few yards. In these cases the traveller generally lies
down on the lee side of his camel; but as the desert is soon blown
up to the level of its body, both are obliged frequently to rise and
replace themselves in a new position, in order to avoid being entirely
covered. In many instances, however, from weariness, faintness, or
sleepiness, occasioned by the great heat, and often from a feeling
of despair, both men and animals remain on the ground, and in twenty
minutes they are buried under a load of sand. Caravans are sometimes
swallowed up; and whole armies have perished miserably in these
inhospitable deserts.


BOILING TO DEATH.

One Rouse, who had attempted to poison Fisher, Bishop of Rochester,
who was afterwards murdered in his 77th year, (by Henry VIII.)--was
actually boiled to death in Smithfield, for his offence. The law which
thus punished him, was afterwards repealed.


SIKKIM PRIESTS.

The Sikkim country is situated on the frontiers of Thibet and Nepal
and on a portion of the Himalayas. Dr. Hooker, who visited it a few
years ago, gives the following account in his Journal of some of its
scenery:--"January 1st, 1849.--The morning of the new year was bright
and beautiful, though much snow had fallen on the mountains; and we
left Sunnook for Pemiongchi, situated on the summit of a lofty spur on
the opposite side of the Ratong.

"The ascent to Pemiongchi was very steep, through woods of oaks,
chesnuts, and magnolias, but no tree-fern, palms, pothos, or planntain,
which abound at this elevation on the moister outer ranges of Sikkim.
The temple is large, eighty feet long, and in excellent order, built
upon the lofty terminal point of the great east and west spur, that
divides the Kulhait from the Ratong and Rungbee rivers; and the great
Changachelling temple and monastery stands on another eminence of the
same ridge, two miles further west.

"The view of the snowy range from this temple is one of the finest in
Sikkim; the eye surveying at once glance the vegetation of the tropics
and the poles. Deep in the valleys the river beds are but 3,000 feet
above the sea, and are choked with fig-trees, plantains, and palms;
to these succeed laurels and magnolias; and still higher up, oaks,
chesnuts, birches, &c.; there is, however, no marked line between the
limits of these two last forests, which form the prevailing arboreous
vegetation between 4,000 and 10,000 feet, and give a lurid hue to the
mountains. Fir forests succeed for 2,000 feet higher, when they give
place to a skirting of rhododendron and barberry. Among these appear
black naked rocks, between which are gulleys, down which the snow now
descended to 12,000 feet. The mountain flanks are much more steep and
rocky than those at similar heights on the outer ranges, and cataracts
are very numerous, and of considerable height, though small in volume.

"Pemiongchi temple, the most ancient in Sikkim, is said to be 400 years
old; it stands on a paved platform, and is of the same form and general
character as that of Tassisuding. Inside, it is most beautifully
decorated, especially the beams, columns, capitals, and architraves,
but the designs are coarser than those of Tassisuding. The square end
of every beam in the roof is ornamented either with a lotus flower, or
with a Tibetan character, in endless diversity of colour and form, and
the walls are completely covered with allegorical paintings of Lamas
and saints with glories round their heads, mitred, and holding the
dorje and jewel.

"The principal image is a large and hideous figure of Sakya-thoba in a
recess under a blue silk canopy, contrasting with a calm figure of the
late Rajah, wearing a cap and coronet.

"Pemiongchi was once the capital of Sikkim, and called the Sikkim
Durbar: the Rajah's residence was on a curious flat to the south of
the temple, and a few hundred feet below it, where are the remains of
(for this country) extensive walls and buildings. During the Nepal
war, the Rajah was driven east across the Teesta, whilst the Ghorkas
plundered Tassisuding, Pemiongchi, Changachelling, and all the other
temples and convents to the west of that river. It was then that the
famous history of Sikkim, compiled by the Lamas of Pemiongchi, and kept
at this temple, was destroyed, with the exception of a few sheets,
with one of which Dr. Campbell and myself were each presented. We were
told that the monks of Changachelling and those of this establishment
had copied what remained, and were busy compiling the rest from oral
information, &c.: whatever value the original may have possessed,
however, is irretrievably lost. A magnificent copy of the Buddhist
Scriptures was destroyed at the same time; it consisted of 400 volumes,
each containing several hundred sheets of Daphne paper."

[Illustration: [++] Sikkim Priests.]

Of the figures given in our article, the one on the extreme left is a
Lama, or Sikkim priest, having in his hand a _dorge_, or double-headed
thunderbolt; next to him, a monk; next to the monk, a priest, with a
praying cylinder; and at the extreme right, another monk.


A HEAD-BREAKER.

[Illustration: [++] Head-Breaker.]

With many savage nations it is a custom when prisoners have been
captured in war, to keep them in confinement for some time, till the
preparations for a grand festival have been completed, and then to put
them to death in the presence of the great men and chief priests of the
country. They were slaughtered, sometimes as offerings to the gods,
sometimes as sacrifices to the spirits of those slain in the war in
which they were captured, and at other times as incentives to the young
warriors who were to be the future defenders of the nation. In all
these cases, appropriate and peculiar ceremonies were prescribed, and
the victims were generally despatched by a particular official, whose
especial duty it was to perform the bloody deed. A particular weapon
was also used, and one of these is sketched at the head of our article.
It was used by one of the tribes which inhabit the shores of Nootka
Sound. It is intended to represent the sacred bird of their nation, and
is made of wood, inlaid with mother-of-pearl, with a blade of basalt.
The lower end is hollow for the insertion of a handle.


ANCIENT STONE COLLARS.

Perhaps the most singular relics of that Pagan period in Scotland
when the use of metals was in a great measure unknown, are two stone
collars, found near the celebrated parallel roads of Glenroy, and now
preserved at the mansion of Tonley, Aberdeenshire. We here give an
engraving of them.

[Illustration: [++] Stone Collars.]

They are each of the full size of a collar adapted to a small Highland
horse; the one formed of trap or whin-stone, and the other of a
fine-grained red granite. They are not, however, to be regarded as
the primitive substitutes for the more convenient materials of later
introduction; on the contrary, a close imitation of the details of a
horse collar of common materials is attempted, including the folds, the
leather, nails, buckles, and holes for tying particular parts together.
They are finished with much care and a high degree of polish, and
are described as obviously the workmanship of a skilful artist. Mr.
Skene, who first drew attention to these remarkable relics, suggests
the peculiar natural features of Glenroy having led to the selection
of this amphitheatre for the scene of ancient public games, and that
these stone collars might commemorate the victor in the chariot race,
as the tripods, still existing, record the victor in the Choragic games
of Athens. But no circumstances attending their discovery are known
which could aid conjecture either as to the period or purpose of their
construction.


THE OFFSPRING OF DRUNKENNESS.

From an interesting lecture on drunkenness, and on popular investments,
recently delivered by the Rev. J. B. Owen, M.A., of Bilston, we
select this impressive enumeration of the crimes mainly springing
from drunkenness. Drink was the desolating demon of Great Britain.
They had spent in intoxicating drinks during the present century as
much as would pay the national debt twice over! There were 180,000
gin drinkers in London alone, and in that city three millions a year
are spent in gin! In thirteen years 249,006 males and 183,921 females
were taken into custody for being drunk and disorderly. In Manchester
no less than a million a-year were spent in profligacy and crime. In
Edinburgh there were 1,000 whisky shops--160 in one street--and yet
the city contained only 200 bread shops. Of 27,000 cases of pauperism,
20,000 of them were traceable to drunkenness. In Glasgow the poor rates
were £100,000 a-year. "Ten thousand," says Alison, "get drunk every
Saturday night--are drunk all day Sunday and Monday, and not able to
return to work till Tuesday or Wednesday." Glasgow spends £1,200,000
annually in drink, and 20,000 females are taken into custody for being
drunk. And what were some of the normal results of such appalling
statistics? insanity, pauperism, prostitution, and crime. As to the
insanity affiliated on drink, the Bishop of London stated, that of
1,271 maniacs, whose previous histories were investigated, 649, or
more than half of them, wrecked their reason in drinking. As to its
pauperism, it is estimated that not less than two-thirds of our paupers
were the direct or indirect victims of the same fatal vice. As to
its prostitution, its debauching influence was remotely traceable in
the 150,000 harlots of London, and in their awful swarms in all our
large towns and cities. Its relation to crime was equally conclusive.
In Parkhurst prison, it was calculated, that 400 out of 500 juvenile
prisoners, were immured there, as the incidental results of parental
debauchery. The Chaplain of the Northampton County Gaol, lately
informed the lecturer, that, "of 302 prisoners in this gaol, during the
last six months, 176 attributed their ruin to drunkenness; 64 spent
from 2s. 6d. to 10s. a week in drink; 15 spent from 10s. to 17s.; and
10 spent all their savings. Is it not remarkable," he added, "that
out of 433 prisoners in this gaol, I have not had one that has had
one sixpence in a saving's bank, nor above six that ever had sixpence
in one? On the contrary, I have many members of friendly societies,
of course of unsound ones, which with two or three exceptions, all
met at public houses; and there they learned to drink, and became
familiarised with crime." Judge Erskine declared at the Salisbury
Assizes in 1844, that 96 cases out of every 100 were through strong
drink. Judge Coleridge added, at Oxford, that he never knew a case
brought before him, which was not directly or indirectly connected with
intoxicating liquors; and Judge Patteson capped the climax, at Norwich,
by stating to the grand jury, "If it were not for this drinking, you
and I should have nothing to do!" Of the 7,018 charges entered at Bow
Street Police Office, in the year 1850, half of them were for being
drunk and incapable; and if they added to these the offences indirectly
instigated by intoxication, the proportion rose at least to 75 per cent.


AN OLD PIKE.

In the year 1497 a giant "Jack-killer" was captured in the vicinity
of Mannheim, with the following announcement in Greek appended to
his muzzle:--"I am the first fish that was put into this pond by the
hands of the Emperor Frederic the Second, on this 3rd day of October,
1262." The age of the informant, therefore, if his lips spoke truth
(and the unprecedented dimensions of the body left little doubt on that
point), was more than two hundred and thirty-five years. Already he
had been the survivor of many important changes in the political and
social world around, and would have swam out perhaps as many more had
the captors been as solicitous to preserve his life as they were to
take his portrait. This, on the demise of the original, was hung up in
the castle of Lautern, and the enormous carcase (which, when entire,
weighed three hundred and fifty pounds, and measured nineteen feet)
was sent to the museum at Mannheim, where, deprived of its flesh, and
caparisoned _de novo_, it hung, and haply yet hangs, a light desiccated
skeleton, which a child might move.


BURMESE BOAT.

The curious boat which is here depicted in full sail is one of those
which is used by the Burmese on the river Irawadi. They are called
_hnau_, and Captain Yule gives the following description of them in his
"Mission to Ava:"--

"The model is nearly the same for all sizes, from the merest dinghy
upwards. The keel-piece is a single tree hollowed out, and stretched
by the aid of fire when green, a complete canoe, in fact. From this,
ribs and planking are carried up. The bow is low with beautiful hollow
lines, strongly resembling those of our finest modern steamers. The
stern rises high above the water, and below the run is drawn out fine
to an edge. A high bench or platform for the steersman, elaborately
carved, is an indispensable appendage. The rudder is a large paddle
lashed to the larboard quarter, and having a short tiller passing
athwart the steerman's bench.

"The most peculiar part of the arrangement of these vessels is in the
spars and rigging. The mast consists of two spars; it is, in fact,
a pair of shears, bolted and lashed to two posts rising out of the
keel-piece, so that it can be let down, or unshipped altogether, with
little difficulty. Above the mainyard the two pieces run into one,
forming the topmast. Wooden rounds run as ratlines from one spar of the
mast to the other, forming a ladder for going aloft.

"The yard is a bamboo, or a line of sliced bamboos, of enormous length,
and, being perfectly flexible, is suspended from the mast-head by
numerous guys or halyards, so as to curve upwards in an inverted bow.
A rope runs along this, from which the huge mainsail is suspended,
running on rings like a curtain outwards both ways from the mast. There
is a small topsail of similar arrangement.

[Illustration: [++] Burmese Boat.]

"The sail-cloth used is the common light cotton stuff for clothing.
Of any heavier material it would be impossible to carry the enormous
spread of sail which distinguishes these boats. At Menh'lá one vessel
was lying so close to the shore that I was enabled to pace the length
of the half-yard. I found it to be 65 feet, or for the length of the
whole spar, neglecting the curve, 130 feet. The area of the mainsail in
this case could not have been very much less than 4,000 square feet, or
one-eleventh of an acre.

"These boats can scarcely sail, of course, except before the wind. But
in ascending the Irawadi, as on the Ganges during the rainy season,
the wind is almost always favourable. A fleet of them speeding before
the wind with the sunlight on their bellying sails has a splendid
though fantastic appearance. With their vast spreading wings and
almost invisible hulls, they look like a flight of colossal butterflies
skimming the water."


DANCING DERVISHES.

[Illustration: [++] Dancing Dervishes.]

The Dancing Dervishes at Constantinople are a remarkable instance of
the lengths to which superstition and credulity will proceed. The
saltatory ceremony which they perform at their religious services
is thus admirably described by Mr. Albert Smith in his "Month at
Constantinople:"--

"I have said it was Friday; and so, on my return, I had an opportunity
of seeing the Dancing Dervishes at Pera. They exhibit--for it is rather
a sight than a solemnity--on this day, as well as on Tuesday, in every
week. Their convent is facing the scrap of burying-ground on the road
from Galata to Pera, and any one may witness their antics. Having put
off our shoes, we entered an octagonal building, with galleries running
round it, and standing places under them, surrounding the railed
enclosure in which the Dervishes were to dance, or rather spin. One
division of this part of the building was put aside for Christians, the
others were filled with common people and children. When I arrived, one
old Dervish, in a green dress, was sitting at one point of the room,
and twenty-four in white, were opposite to him. A flute and drum played
some very dreary music in the gallery. At a given signal they all fell
flat on their faces, with a noise and precision that would have done
honour to a party of pantomimists; and then they all rose and walked
slowly round, with their arms folded across their breasts, following
the old green Dervish, who marched at their head, and bowing twice
very gravely to the place where he had been sitting, and to the spot
opposite to it. They performed this round two or three times. Then the
old man sat down, and the others, pulling off their cloaks, appeared
in a species of long petticoat, and one after the other began to spin.
They commenced revolving precisely as though they were waltzing by
themselves; first keeping their hands crossed on their breast, and then
extending them, the palm of the right hand and the back of the left
being upwards. At last they all got into play, and as they went round
and round, they put me in mind of the grand party we have seen on the
top of an organ, where a _cavalier seul_ revolves by himself, and bows
as he faces the spectators.

"They went on for a long time without stopping--a quarter of an hour,
perhaps, or twenty minutes. There was something inexpressibly sly and
offensive in the appearance of these men, and the desire one felt to
hit them hard in the face became uncomfortably dominant. At the end of
their revolutions they made another obeisance to the old man, and all
this time the players in the orchestra howled forth a kind of hymn.
This ceremony was repeated three or four times, and then they all sat
down again and put their cloaks on, whilst another Dervish, who had
walked round and round amongst the dancers, whilst they were spinning,
sang a solo. During this time their faces were all close to the ground.
This done, they rose and marched before the old green Dervish once
more, kissing his hand as they passed, and the service concluded,
occupying altogether about three-quarters of an hour."


EXTRAORDINARY MALADY.

Digne, the principal town in the department of the Basses Alpes
in France might be passed by the traveller without exciting one
observation, its walks and its warm mineral waters being the only
objects worthy of notice. Its inhabitants do not now exceed 3,500;
but, in the year 1629, 10,000 industrious citizens followed their
numerous avocations within its precincts. At that period, however, an
extraordinary plague broke out, in the month of June, which lasted till
October, committing the most awful ravages, so that in that short space
of time the wretched inhabitants were reduced to the number of 1,500,
among whom six only had escaped this very singular malady, the effects
of which are thus described by a French writer:--"This malady strangely
affected the invalids; some fancied they could fly; others, climb
from one object to another like squirrels; some sunk into a profound
lethargy, even for so long a time as six days; and one young woman who
had been hastily interred in a vineyard, rose three days afterwards,
for the grave-diggers were content just to cover the bodies. During
these four months the town was covered with a thick fog: the heat was
suffocating, accompanied by frequent and dreadful storms; and in order
to complete the horrors of such a situation, the parliament forbade any
of the inhabitants to quit the city, or the small territory belonging
to it. Guards placed upon the _Bléonne_ fired upon those who attempted
to escape. The magistrates abandoned their functions; the clocks no
longer sounded the hours; the neighbouring springs dried up, so that
the mills could not work; and famine began to add its fearful horrors
to the miseries which already desolated the city, now become a living
sepulchre, for the dead bodies lay in the streets unburied, and the
few remaining persons who still paraded the streets appeared more
like the spectres of those departed than living beings. Many persons
not only prepared but put on the habiliments of death, and quietly
awaited the approach of the _king of terrors_. A new edict condemned
the pestilential city to the flames; but this inhuman decree was
countermanded, after the destruction of one country house, with all
its inhabitants. The disease having somewhat abated in the surrounding
villages, humanity at length dictated the necessity of making some
efforts to save the remaining few, who had escaped the contagion,
from the no less frightful evil of famine. The scene that presented
itself was appalling; several little children, whose parents were
dead, were found sucking goats; in short, the desolation was so great
that, although two centuries have passed away since this fatal scourge
devastated the country, _Digne_ has never recovered its effects."


QUACKERY IN THE OLDEN TIME.

In the reign of Henry VIII. many of the medical practitioners were
mere horse-farriers. A distinguished patient, the great Lord Burghley,
secretary of state to Queen Elizabeth, was addressed by one Audelay, on
a certain occasion, in this wise, "Be of goode comfort, and plucke up
a lustie, merrie hearte, and then shall you overcome all diseases: and
because it pleased my good Lord Admiral lately to praise my physicke,
I have written to you such medicines as I wrote unto him, which I have
in my boke of my wyffe's hand, _proved upon herselfe and mee both_:
and if I can get anything that may do you any goode, you may be well
assured it shall be a joye unto me to get it for you." "A good medicine
for weakness or consumption:--Take a pig of nine days olde, and slaye
him, and quarter him, and put him in a skillat, with a handfull of
spearment, and a handfull of red fennell, a handfull of liverwort,
half a handfull of red neap, a handfull of clarge, and nine dates,
cleaned, picked, pared, and a handful of great raisins, and picke out
the stones, and a quarter of an ounce of mace, and two stickes of
goode cinnamon, bruised in a mortar, and distill it with a soft fire,
and put it in a glass, and set it in the sun nine days, and drinke
nine spoonfulls of it at once when you list!" "A compost:--item--take
a porpin, otherwise called an English hedgehog, and quarter him in
pieces, and put the said beast in a still, with these ingredients:
item--a quart of redde wyne, a pinte of rose-water, a quarter of a
pound of sugar--cinnamon and two great raisins." "If thore be any
manner of disease that you be aggrieved withal, I pray you send me
some knowledge thereof, and I doubt not but to send you an approved
remedie. Written in haste at Greenwiche, y{e} 9 of May, 1553, by your
trewe heartie friend, JOHN of AUDELAY."


A POISON WEAPON.

[Illustration: [++] Poison Weapon.]

The instrument sketched forms one of the curiosities in the splendid
museum of the late Sir S. R. Meyrick, and is a singular instance of
that refinement of cruelty which is too prominent a characteristic of
the sixteenth century. It is a weapon for throwing poisoned needles
among a crowd. Where the lid at the top is seen lifted up, is the
chamber in which the needles are kept stuck into a cork at the bottom.
On the opposite side a needle is seen put through a hole in a strong
spring, held in its place by a catch above, which, when pressed by the
thumb disengages it and ejects the needle with considerable force. As
the fore-finger goes through the centre ring, and the thumb is at the
top, the weapon is almost entirely concealed by the hand. The spring
can be adjusted by a screw at the side. This cruel instrument was
used by men on horseback, or from a window, and as the needles were
poisoned, many painful injuries must have been inflicted without the
sufferers being able to discover by whom their wounds were caused.


ANCIENT SWORD-BREAKER.

[Illustration: [++] Sword-Breaker.]

The immense two-handed swords of former times were most fearful
weapons, and far more easily used than the appearance of them would
lead us to suppose. They were admirably poised, and the position in
which they were held may be learned from various writers of their
times. One hand was placed close to the cross-bar, while the other
held the pommel. De Grassi, in 1594, tells us that those who use them
contrive to "amase with the furie of the sword, and deliver great
edge blows down-right and reversed, fetching a full circle or compass
therein with exceeding great swiftness, staying themselves upon one
foote, sometimes on the other, utterlie neglecting to thrust, and
persuading themselves that the thrust serveth to amaze one man onlie,
but those edge blows are of force to incounter many. The hand towards
the enemie must take hold fast of the handle neere the crosse and
underneath, the other hand above and near the pomell."

Silver, in his "Paradox" gives the following as the proportions of a
two-handed sword in his day: "The perfect length of your two-handed
sword is the blade to the length and hilt of your single sword."

The instrument which we have sketched on previous page, was used in
the time of Henry VIII., for the purpose, not only of defence against
one of those "great edge-blows down-right" but of catching the blade
between the teeth, and then breaking it by a sharp turn of the wrist.


ORIGIN OF THE BALLOT.

The origin of electing members by balls may be traced to the Grecians.
When a member was to be elected, every one threw a little pellet of
bran, or crumb of bread into a basket, carried by a servant on his head
round the table, and whoever dissented flattened their pellet at one
side.


ANCIENT DAGGER.

The weapon which forms the subject of the woodcut is a dagger of the
time of Philip and Mary, ornamented with engraving. After being thrust
into a person, by pulling a little catch, it is made to open within
him, and the prolongation of the blade allows means for a second blow.
The two small hooks at the inner side of the two blades would admit of
the dagger being thrust deeper in, but would prevent its being drawn
out.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Dagger.]

At the period these daggers were most in vogue, personal combats were
very sanguinary and determined, seldom terminating without the death of
one, and in some cases of both, of the parties engaged. They first used
the long sword, and when that weapon was broken, they closed with one
another, and used their daggers by stabbing at the most mortal part of
their foe they could manage to reach.


THE TEMPLE OF POU-TOU.

Pou-tou is an island of the great archipelago of Chusan, on the coasts
of the province of Tche-kiang. More than 100 monasteries, more or less
important, and two of which were founded by Emperors, are scattered
over the sides of the mountains and valleys of this picturesque and
enchanting island, which nature and art have combined to adorn with
their utmost magnificence. All over it you find delightful gardens,
full of beautiful flowers,--grottoes cut in the living rock, amidst
groves of bamboo and other trees, with aromatic banks. The habitations
of the Bonzes are sheltered from the scorching rays of the sun by
umbrageous foliage, and scattered about in the prettiest situations
imaginable. Thousands of winding paths cross the valleys in various
directions, and the brooks and rivulets, by means of pretty bridges of
stone or painted wood, and for the communications between the scattered
dwellings. In the centre of the island rise two vast and brilliant
edifices--Buddhist temples--the yellow bricks of which announce that
their construction is due to imperial munificence. The religious
architecture of the Chinese does not at all resemble ours. They have no
idea of the majestic, solemn, and perhaps somewhat melancholy style,
that harmonizes so well with the feelings which ought to be inspired
by a place devoted to meditation and prayer. When they wish to build a
pagoda, they look out for the most gay and smiling site they can find
on the declivity of a mountain or in a valley; they plant it with great
trees of the evergreen species; they trace about it a number of paths,
on the sides of which they place flowering shrubs, creeping plants, and
bushes. It is through these cool and fragrant avenues you reach the
building, which is surrounded by galleries, and has less the air of a
temple than of a rural abode charmingly situated in the midst of a park
or garden.

The principal temple of Pou-tou is reached by a long avenue of grand
secular trees, whose thick foliage is filled with troops of crows
with white heads; and their cawings and flapping of wings keep up a
continual clamour. At the end of the avenue is a magnificent lake,
surrounded with shrubs that lean over its waters like weeping willows.
Turtle and gold-fish gleam through them; and mandarin-ducks, in their
gaily-coloured plumage, play over their surface, amidst the splendid
water-lilies whose rich corollas rise majestically upon tender green
stalks spotted with black. Several bridges of red and green wood are
thrown over this lake, and lead to flights of steps, by which you
ascend to the first of the temple buildings--a kind of porch, supported
upon eight enormous granite columns. On the right and left are
stationed, like sentinels, four statues of colossal size, and two side
gates lead to the vestibule of the principal nave, where is enthroned a
Buddhist Trinity, representing the Past, the Present, and the Future.
These three statues are entirely gilt, and, although in a crouching
posture, of gigantic dimensions--at least twelve feet high. Buddha is
in the midst, his hands interlaced, and gravely placed on his majestic
abdomen. He represents the Past, and the unalterable and eternal quiet
to which it has attained; the two others, which have the arm and the
right hand raised, in sign of their activity, the Present and Future.
Before each idol is an altar covered with little vases for offerings,
and cassolets of chiselled bronze, where perfumes are constantly
burning.

A crowd of secondary divinities are ranged round the hall, the
ornaments of which are composed of enormous lanterns of painted paper
or horn--square, round, oval--indeed, of all forms and colours; and the
walls are hung with broad strips of satin, with sentences and maxims.

The third hall is consecrated to _Kouang-yu_, whom the greater number
of accounts of China persist in regarding as a goddess of porcelain,
and sometimes also of fecundity. According to the Buddhist mythology,
Kouang-yu is a person of the Indian Trimourti, or Triune God,
representing the creative power.

Finally, the fourth hall is a pantheon, or pandemonium, containing
a complete assortment of hideous idols, with ogres' and reptiles'
faces. Here you see, huddled together pell-mell, the gods of heaven and
earth; fabulous monsters, patrons of war, of the silk manufacture, of
agriculture, and of medicine; the images of the saints of antiquity,
philosophers, statesmen, warriors, literary men--in a word, the most
heterogeneous and grotesque assembly conceivable.


ORACLES OF APOLLO IN FRANCE.

Towards the frontiers of Auvergne and Velay, upon the high rock of
Polignac, there was formerly a temple of Apollo, famous for its
oracles. The time of its foundation ascends to the first years of the
Christian era, since, in the year 47, the Emperor Claudius came hither
in great pomp, to acknowledge the power of the god; and he left proofs
of his piety and munificence. The débris and mysterious issues that
are found even now upon the rock, in the heart of its environs, reveal
the secret means employed by the priests to make their divinities
speak, and to impose upon the people. At the bottom of the rock was
an ædicula: it was on this spot that the pilgrims took up their
first station, and deposited their offerings and made their vows. A
subterranean passage communicated from this ædicula to the bottom of
a great excavation, pierced, in the form of a tunnel, from the base
to the summit of the rock. It was by this enormous opening that the
vows, the prayers and questions, pronounced in the very lowest voice
by the pilgrims, reached instantly the top of the rock, and were there
heard and collected by the college of priests; the answers were then
prepared, while the believers, by a sinuous and long path, slowly
arrived at the end of their pilgrimage. The answers being ready, the
priests commissioned to transmit them repaired to profound and deep
apartments, contiguous to a well, the orifice of which terminated in
the temple. This well, crowned by an altar, being enclosed by a little
hemispherical roof, supported in its external parts the colossal figure
of Apollo; the mouth of this statue being half open, in the middle of
a large and majestic beard, appeared always ready to pronounce the
supreme decrees. It was also through this opening, by the means of a
long speaking-trumpet, that the priests at the bottom of this den of
mystery and superstition made known those famous oracles so imposing
and so powerful in their effects upon the human soul as to impede for
centuries the substitution of the more pure and holy precepts of the
gospel.


BEST POSITION FOR SMOKING OPIUM.

Opium is not smoked in the same manner as tobacco. The pipe is a tube
of nearly the length and thickness of an ordinary flute. Towards one
end of it is fitted a bowl of baked clay or some other material, more
or less precious, which is pierced with a hole communicating with the
interior of the tube. The opium, which before smoking is in the form
of a blackish viscous paste, is prepared in the following manner:--A
portion, of the size of a pea, is put on a needle, and heated over a
lamp until it swells and acquires the requisite consistence. It is
then placed over the hole in the bowl of the pipe, in the form of a
little cone that has been previously pierced with a needle so as to
communicate with the interior of the tube. The opium is then brought
to the flame of the lamp, and after three or four inspirations the
little cone is entirely burnt, and all the smoke passes into the
mouth of the smoker, who then rejects it again through his nostrils.
Afterwards the same operation is repeated, so that this mode of smoking
is extremely tedious. The Chinese prepare and smoke their opium lying
down, sometimes on one side, sometimes on the other, saying that this
is the most favourable position; and the smokers of distinction do not
give themselves all the trouble of the operation, but have their pipes
prepared for them.


EXECUTIONER'S SWORD.

[Illustration: [++] Executioner's Sword.]

The weapon engraved below forms one of the curiosities in the superb
collection of ancient armour belonging to the late Sir Samuel R.
Meyrick, at Goodrich Court, Herefordshire. It is the sword of an
executioner, having on it the date 1674. The blade is thin, and
exceeding sharp at both edges; and engraved on it is a man impaled,
above which are the words, in German, of which the following is a
translation:--

    "Let every one that has eyes
     Look here, and see that
     To erect power on wickedness
     Cannot last long:"

a man holding a crucifix, his eyes bandaged, and on his knees; the
executioner, with his right hand on the hilt, and his left on the
pommel, is about to strike off his head; above is written--

    "He who ambitiously exalts himself,
     And thinks only of evil,
     Has his neck already encompassed
     By punishment."

On the other side, a man broken on the wheel; over which is--

    "I live, I know not how long;
     I die, but I know not when:"

and a man suspended by the ribs from a gibbet, with the inscription--

    "I move, without knowing whither;
     I wonder I am so tranquil."


ORIGIN OF EXCHEQUER BILLS.

In the year 1696 and 1697, the silver currency of the kingdom being by
clipping, washing, grinding, filing, &c., reduced to about half its
nominal value, Acts of Parliament were passed for its being called in
and recoined, and whilst the recoinage was going on, Exchequer bills
were first issued to supply the demands of trade.


ANCIENT ETRURIAN BUST.

[Illustration: [++] Ancient Etrurian Bust.]

If we look backwards to the most remote times of Greek industry, we
find that long before fire-casting became customary, almost every kind
of work was carried out by the simple means of the hammer and tongs,
wielded by skilful hands. Even products of art were created in this
manner; and as statues, vases, and the like could not be put together
by the process of soldering, nails were used for the purpose, as we
learn not only from ancient writers, but even from monuments which have
lately been discovered in Etruria, and the most important specimens
of which are now possessed by the British Museum. In one of the tombs
belonging to the vast necropolis of Vulci were discovered, about twenty
years ago, a great many bronzes of this very ancient workmanship; one
of them represents a bust placed on a basement covered with thin copper
plates, and adorned by a row of figures, which are likewise chased;
long curls fall down over the neck and shoulders, and these parts
especially are formed in the most simple manner: one would be tempted
to call it child-like, did not the whole composition show a certain
character which enables the experienced eye of the art-philosopher
to distinguish in these rude attempts at plastic metal work the very
germ of those wonderfully-styled productions of a later period. The
engraving here annexed, giving a side view of this remarkable, and as
yet unique monument, is intended to show the arrangement of the hair,
which, in spite of its simple treatment, presents as a whole some
trace of grace, and principles of fine proportions. We perceive that
the curls are formed by rolling and twining together small strips of
bronze plate, connected with the head itself by the mechanical means
we have alluded to. There is no trace of soldering; and we may be sure
that we possess in this figure a good specimen of those hammer-wrought
sculptures of old which were spoken of by the Greeks themselves as
belonging to a fabulous period.


THE HAIRY WOMAN OF BURMAH.

The following account of this remarkable freak of nature is taken from
Captain Yule's "Mission to Ava." Writing from the city of Amarapoora,
the capital of Burmah, the Captain says:--

"To-day we had a singular visitor at the residency. This was Maphoon,
the daughter of Shwé-maong, the "Homo hirsutus" described and depicted
in Crawfurd's narrative, where a portrait of her, as a young child,
also appears. Not expecting such a visitor, one started and exclaimed
involuntarily as there entered what at first-sight seemed an absolute
realization of the dog-headed Anubis.

"The whole of the Maphoon's face was more or less covered with hair.
On a part of the cheek, and between the nose and mouth, this was
confined to a short down, but over all the rest of the face was a thick
silky hair of a brown colour, paling about the nose and chin, four or
five inches long. At the alea of the nose, under the eye, and on the
cheek-bone, this was very fully developed, but it was in and on the
ear that it was most extraordinary. Except the extreme upper tip, no
part of the ear was visible: all the rest was filled and veiled by a
large mass of silky hair, growing apparently out of every part of the
external organ, and hanging in a dependent lock to a length of eight
or ten inches. The hair over her forehead was brushed so as to blend
with the hair of the head, the latter being dressed (as usual with
her countrywomen) _à la Chinoise_. It was not so thick as to conceal
altogether the forehead.

"The nose, densely covered with hair so as no animal's is that I know
of, and with long fine locks curving out and pendent like the wisps of
a fine Skye terrier's coat, had a most strange appearance. The beard
was pale in colour, and about four inches in length, seemingly very
soft and silky.

"Poor Maphoon's manners were good and modest, her voice soft and
feminine, and her expression mild and not unpleasing, after the first
instinctive repulsion was overcome. Her appearance rather suggested the
idea of a pleasant-looking woman masquerading than that of anything
brutal. This discrimination, however, was very difficult to preserve
in sketching her likeness, a task which devolved on me to-day in Mr.
Grant's absence. On an after-visit, however, Mr. Grant made a portrait
of her, which was generally acknowledged to be most successful. Her
neck, bosom, and arms appeared to be covered with fine pale down,
scarcely visible in some lights. She made a move, as if to take off
her upper clothing, but reluctantly, and we prevented it. Her husband
and two boys accompanied her. The elder boy, about four or five years
old, had nothing abnormal about him. The youngest, who was fourteen
months old and still at the breast, was evidently taking after his
mother. There was little hair on the head, but the child's ear was
full of long silky floss, and it could boast a moustache and beard of
pale silky down that would have cheered the heart of many a cornet. In
fact, the appearance of the child agrees almost exactly with what Mr.
Crawford says of Maphoon herself as an infant. This child is thus the
third in descent exhibiting this strange peculiarity; and in this third
generation, as in the two preceding, this peculiarity has appeared only
in one individual. Maphoon has the same dental peculiarity also that
her father had--the absence of the canine teeth and grinders, the back
part of the gums presenting merely a hard ridge. Still she chews pawn
like her neighbours.

Mr. Camaretta tells some story of an Italian wishing to marry her and
take her to Europe, which was not allowed. Should the great Barnum hear
of her, he would not be so easily thwarted.

According to the Woundouk, the King offered a reward to any man who
would marry her, but it was long before any one was found bold enough
or avaricious enough to venture. Her father, Shwé-maong, was murdered
by robbers many years ago."


A TRAVELLER'S PASSPORT.

The following document, included among the rolls, is dated 1680, from
Whitehall:--

"Dame Mary Yate, having asked his majesty's permission to pass beyond
the seas, for the recovery of her health, his majesty was most
graciously pleased to grant her request, under the usual clauses
and provisoes, according to which ye said Dame Mary Yate having
given security not to enter into any plott or conspiracy against his
majesty or his realms, or behave herself in any such manner as may
be prejudicial to his majesty's government, or the religion here by
law established, and that she will not repaire to the city of Roome,
or return unto this kingdome without first acquainting one of his
majesty's principal secretaries of state, and obtaining leave for the
same, in pursuance of his majesty's commands in council hereby will and
require you to permit and suffer the said Dame Mary Yate to imbarque
with her trunkes of apparel and other necessaries not prohibited at
any port of this kingdom, and from thence to pass beyond the seas,
provided that shee departe this kingdom within 14 days after the date
hereof."--April 14.

If the above refers to the celebrated Lady Mary Yate (a daughter of the
house of Pakington) who is commemorated on a monument in Chaddesley
Church, Worcestershire, as having died in 1696, at the age of 86, she
must have been 70 years old when these precautions were taken by the
Government against the poor old lady attempting to invade the country,
or to comfort the Pope with her presence and support. Dame Mary Yate
was no doubt a Roman Catholic, and the permission above referred to was
granted under the seventh section of the statute 3rd James I, chap. 5,
which was virtually repealed by the statute 33rd George III, chap. 30,
which exempted Roman Catholics from all the penalties and restrictions
mentioned and enjoined in the older acts, if in one of the Courts at
Westminster or at the Quarter Sessions they made a declaration which to
them was unobjectionable.


CURIOUS PROVINCIAL DANCE IN FRANCE.

The inhabitants of Roussillon are passionately fond of dancing; they
have some dances peculiar to themselves. The men generally commence
the country dance by a _contre-pas_, the air of which is said to be of
Greek origin; the women then mingle in the dance, when they jointly
perform several figures, passing one among the other, and occasionally
turning each other round. At a particular change in the air, the male
dancer must dexterously raise his partner and place her on his hand in
a sitting posture. Accidents sometimes happen upon these occasions,
and the lady falls to the ground amidst the jokes and laughter of her
companions. One of these dances, called _lo salt_, is performed by four
men and four women. At the given signal, the cavaliers simultaneously
raise the four ladies, forming a pyramid, the caps of the ladies
making the apex. The music which accompanies these dances consists of
a _lo flaviol_, a sort of flageolet, a drum, two hautboys, prima and
tenor, and the _cornemuse_, called in the country _lo gratla_: this
instrument, by its description, must somewhat resemble the bagpipes.
The dance called _Segadilles_ is performed with the greatest rapidity:
at the end of every couplet, for the airs are short and numerous, the
female dancers are raised, and seated on the hands of their partners.


ANCIENT INSTRUMENT OF PUNISHMENT.

[Illustration: [++] Whip of Steel.]

The instrument which we here engrave is a whip of steel that was made
and used as an engine of punishment and torture about the middle of
the sixteenth century. It is composed of several truncated cones,
grooved with sharp edges, and held in opposite directions, so as to
give sufficient oscillation without rising so far as to strike the hand
of the executioner. It seems to have been held by a strap; but its
barbarity is evident.


PUNISHING BY WHOLESALE.

Henry VIII. is recorded, in the course of his reign, to have hanged no
fewer than 72,000 robbers, thieves, and vagabonds. In the latter days
of Elizabeth scarcely a year passed without 300 or 400 criminals going
to the gallows. In 1596, in the county of Somerset alone, 40 persons
were executed, 35 burnt in the hand, and 37 severely whipped.


MONKS AND FRIARS.

There was a distinction between the Monks and Friars, which caused the
latter to become the object of hatred and envy. Both the monastic, or
regular, and parochial clergy, encouraged the attacks made upon them.
The Monks were, by most of their rules, absolutely forbidden to go out
of their monasteries, and, therefore, could receive only such donations
as were left to them. On the contrary, the Friars, who were professed
mendicants, on receiving notice of the sickness of any rich person,
constantly detached some of their members, to persuade the sick man
to bequeath alms to their convent; thus often, not only anticipating
the Monks, but, likewise the parochial clergy. Besides, as most of
them were professed preachers, their sermons were frequently compared
with those of the clergy, and in general, not to the advantage of the
latter. In these sermons, the poverty and distress of their order,
were topics that, of course, were neither omitted, nor slightly passed
over. Considering the power of the Church, before the Reformation, it
is not to be supposed that any of the Poets, as Chaucer, &c., would
have ventured to tell those rediculous stories of the Friars, with
which their works abound, had they not been privately protected by the
superior clergy.


CURIOUS TURKISH CONTRIVANCE.

[Illustration: [++] Curious Turkish Contrivance.]

Wonderful are the appliances by which ingenuity contrives to supply the
evasions of idleness. We give one of them, as described by Mr. Albert
Smith, in his "Month at Constantinople."

"Passing some cemeteries and public fountains, we came to the outskirts
of the city, which consist chiefly of gardens producing olives,
oranges, raisins and figs, irrigated by creaking water-wheels worked
by donkeys. To one of these the droll contrivances which attracted our
notice was affixed. The donkey who went round and round was blinded,
and in front of him was a pole, one end of which was fixed to the axle
and the other slightly drawn towards his head-gear and there tied: so
that, from the spring he always thought somebody was pulling him on.
The guide told us that idle fellows would contrive some rude mechanism
so that a stick should fall upon the animal's hind quarters at every
round, and so keep him at work whilst they went to sleep under the
trees."


FIGURES OF DOGS ON ANCIENT TOMBS.

In attempting to assign a reason for the frequent occurrence of dogs
at the feet of tombs, we shall most probably be right if we simply
attribute the circumstance to the affection borne by the deceased for
some animal of that faithful class. That these sculptured animals were
sometimes intended for likenesses of particular dogs is evident. Sir
Bryan Stapleton, on his brass at Ingham, Norfolk, rests one foot on
a lion, the other on a dog; the name of the latter is recorded on a
label, _Jakke_. Round the collar of a dog at the feet of an old stone
figure of a knight, in Tolleshunt Knight's Church, Essex, letters were
formerly traced which were supposed to form the word _Howgo_.

In a dictionary of old French terms, we find that the word _Gocet_
means a small wooden dog, which it was customary to place at the foot
of the bed. Now it has been thought that something of this kind was
intended in the representation of dogs on tombs, and that this support
of the feet merely indicates the old custom of having that sort of
wooden resting-place for the feet when in a recumbent position. But
our first supposition appears the more natural, and is supported by
the fact that a large proportion of these sculptured dogs, instead of
being placed beneath the feet, are seated on the robe or train, looking
upwards with the confidence of favourite animals. Judith, daughter of
the Emperor Conrad, is represented on her tomb (1191) with a little dog
in her right hand.

On the tomb of Sir Ralph de Rochford, in Walpole Church, Norfolk, his
lady is by his side, dressed in a reticulated head-dress and veil,
a standing cape to her robe, long sleeves buttoned to her wrists, a
quatrefoil fastens her girdle, and a double necklace of beads hangs
from her neck. At her feet is a dog looking up, and another couchant.
In the chancel at Shernborne, Norfolk, the figure of Sir Thomas
Shernborne's lady (1458) has at the right foot a small dog sitting,
with a collar of bells.

On a large antique marble in the chancel at Great Harrowden,
Northamptonshire, are the portraits of a man in armour, and his wife in
a winding sheet. The man stands on a greyhound, and the woman has at
her feet two little dogs looking upwards, with bells on their collars.
This monument is that of William Harwedon and Margery, daughter of Sir
Giles St. John of Plumpton. She died in the twentieth year of Henry VI.


THE FATE OF THE LAST MAY-POLE IN THE STRAND.

The May-pole, which had been set up in 1641, having long been in a
state of decay, was pulled down in 1713, and a new one, with two
gilt balls and a vane on the top of it, was erected in its stead.
This did not continue long in existence; for, being in 1718 judged
an obstruction, to the view of the church then building, orders were
given by the parochial authorities for its removal. Sir Isaac Newton
begged it of the parish, and it was conveyed to Wanstead Park, where it
long supported the largest telescope in Europe, belonging to Sir Isaac
Newton's friend, Mr. Pound, the rector of Wanstead. It was 125 feet
long; and presented to Mr. Pound by Mr. Huson, a French member of the
Royal Society.


MEANS OF ATTRACTING CUSTOM.

Before houses were numbered, it was a common practice with tradesmen
not much known, when they advertised, to mention the colour of their
next neighbour's door, balcony, or lamp, of which custom the following
copy of a handbill will present a curious instance:--

"Next to the GOLDEN DOOR, opposite Great Suffolk Street, near Pall
Mall, at the Barber's Pole, liveth a certain person, Robert Barker, who
having found out an excellent method for sweating or fluxing of wiggs;
his prices are 2s. 6d. for each _bob_, and 3s. for every _tye wigg_ and
_pigtail_, _ready money_."


MUSIC OF THE HINDOOS.

Among the fine arts of India, music holds a distinguished place; and
although its cultivation has declined, and but few are now found
who have attained to eminence either in the science or art of this
unequalled source of recreation, refinement, and pleasure, yet no
people are more susceptible of its charms than the Hindoos. Reading is
with them invariably, as with the Arabians and other Eastern nations, a
species of _recitativo_, a sort of speaking music, delivered in dulcet
though not measured tones. The recitation of lessons in a school or
academy always takes this form. The man at the oar, women beating lime,
the labourer engaged in irrigation, alike accompany their toil with
song.

The word _sangíta_, symphony, as applied to music by the Hindoos,
conveys the idea of the union of _voices_, _instruments_, and _action_.
Musical treatises accordingly treat of _gáná_, _vádya_, _uritya_, or
_song_, _percussion_, and _dancing_; the first comprising the measures
of poetry; the second, instrumental sounds; and the third, theatrical
representation. The ancient dramas of the Hindoo exhibited the union of
these in their unequalled poetry, modulated with the accompaniments of
voice, and instruments, and the attractions of appropriate scenery.

The music of the Hindoos includes eighty-four modes, each supposed
to have a peculiar expression, capable of moving some particular
sentiment or affection. The modes take their denomination from the
seasons, or from the hours of day or night. Musical composition is
supposed capable of adaptation to the different periods of the day,
and therefore its provisions are regulated by the hours. The ideas of
the Hindoos on music, as promoting the pleasures of imagination, may
be inferred from the names applied by ancient authors to their musical
treatises. One is called _Rágárnava_, the Sea of the Passions; another,
_Rágaderpana_, the Mirror of Modes; and a third, _Sóbhavinóda_, the
Delight of Assemblies; a fourth, _Sangítaderpana_, the Mirror of Song;
and another, _Rágavibódha_, the Doctrine of Musical Modes. Some of
these works explain the law of musical sounds, their divisions and
succession, variations of scales by temperament, and the enunciation
of modes; besides a minute description of the different _vínás_ (lute),
and the rules for playing them. This is a fretted instrument of the
guitar kind, usually having seven wires or strings, and a large gourd
at each end of the finger-board. Its extent is two octaves, and its
invention is attributed to Náredá, the son of Brahma. There are many
varieties, named according to the number of their strings. Of one of
them we give an engraving below.

Music, like everything else connected with India, is invested with
divine attributes. From the sacred Veda was derived the Upaveda, or
subsidiary Veda of the Gandharbas, the heavenly choristers. The art
was communicated to mortals by Sarasvati, the consort of Brahma. She,
as before stated, is the patroness of the fine arts, the goddess of
speech. Their son, an ancient lawgiver and astronomer, invented the
Víná. The first inspired man, Bherat, invented the Drama.

[Illustration: [++] Hindoo Guitar.]

  PRINTED BY WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, LIMITED, LONDON AND DECCLES.




ROUTLEDGE'S

=BOOKS FOR THE PEOPLE

70 VOLUMES.=

_Crown 8vo, Cloth, 2/- each. Crown 8vo, Paper Covers, 1/6 each._


  =Macaulay's Essays and Lays of Ancient Rome.= Complete Edition.
        924 pages.
  =The Spectator.= Complete Edition, reproducing the original
        text. Edited by Prof. H. MORLEY. 944 pages.
  =Carlyle's French Revolution.= Complete Edition.
  =---- Sartor Resartus, Heroes, and Hero Worship, Past and Present.=
  =---- Oliver Cromwell's Letters and Speeches.=
  =Carleton's Traits and Stories of the Irish Peasantry.= Complete
        Edition.
  =Anne Bowman's New Cookery Book. 635 pages.= (Cloth limp, =18.=)
  =Cruden's Concordance to the Old and New Testaments.=
  =Wise Sayings of the Great and Good.=
  =Book of Humour, Wit, and Wisdom.=
  =Foxe's Book of Martyrs.= Abridged from Milner's Large Edition.
  =Robinson Crusoe.= With 52 Plates by J. D. WATSON.
  =Gulliver's Travels into several Remote Regions of the World.=
        SWIFT.
  =Arabian Nights' Entertainments.=
  =Adventures of Don Quixote.= JARVIS'S Translation.
  =Southey's Life of Nelson.=
  =Josephus.= Translated by WHISTON.
  =Book of Epigrams.= W. D. ADAMS..
  =Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress.= Edited by GEORGE OFFOR.
  =Life of Napoleon.= CHARLES MACFARLANE.
  =Curiosities of Literature.= ISAAC D'ISRAELI.
  =Amenities of Literature.=        Do.
  =Miscellanies of Literature.=     Do.
  =Boswell's Life of Dr. Johnson.= (Centenary Edition.)
  =The Orbs of Heaven.= O. M. MITCHELL.
  =Bogatzky's Golden Treasury.=
  =The Breakfast Table Series.= By O. W. HOLMES.
  =Æsop's Fables.= Illustrated by HARRISON WEIR.
  =Milman's History of the Jews.=
  =Lord Lytton's Pamphlets and Sketches.=
  =The Waverley Anecdotes.=
  =Lord Lytton's England and the English.=
  =Rabelais' Works.= Edited by HENRY MORLEY.
  =Prescott's History of the Reign of Ferdinand and Isabella.= 3 vols.
  =---- History of the Conquest of Mexico.= 3 vols.
  =---- History of the Conquest of Peru.= 3 vols.
  =---- History of the Reign of Philip II.= 3 vols.
  =---- History of the Reign of Charles V.= 2 vols.
  =---- Critical and Historical Essays.=
  =The Pickwick Papers.= By CHARLES DICKENS.
  =Principles of Political Economy.= By JOHN STUART MILL.
  =Popular Astronomy.= By O. M. MITCHELL.
  =Plutarch's Lives.= LANGHORNE'S Translation.
  =Emerson's Works.= 640 pages.
  =Longfellow's Prose Works.=
  =Roscoe's Life or Leo X.= 2 vols.
  =Goldsmith's Complete Works.=
  =Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations.=
  =De Foe's Journal of the Plague Year.=
  =Walton and Cotton's Complete Angler.=
  =The Adventures of Gil Blas.=
  =Motley's Rise of the Dutch Republic.= 3 vols.
  =Napier's History of the Peninsular War, 1807-1814.= 3 vols.
  =White's Natural History of Selborne.= Edited by Sir WILLIAM JARDINE.
  =Bacon's Essays.=
  =Charles Lamb's Complete Works.=
  =Crabb's English Synonyms Explained.= 640 pages.




ROUTLEDGE'S

=POETS FOR THE PEOPLE

52 VOLUMES.=

_Crown 8vo, Cloth, 2/- each. Crown 8vo, Paper Covers, 1/6 each._

  =Shakspere.= Edited by CHARLES KNIGHT, with Portrait and
        63 page plates by Sir JOHN GILBERT, R.A. 832 pages.
  =Longfellow's Poetical Works.= Complete Edition, with 126
        Copyright Poems.
  =Scott's Poetical Works.= 640 pages.
  =Byron's Poetical Works.= 752 pages.
  =Burns's Poetical Works.= 512 pages.
  =The Ingoldsby Legends.= 512 pages, with 22 Illustrations from Designs
        by CRUIKSHANK and LEECH.
  =Homer's Iliad and Odyssey.= Pope's Translation.
  =Moore's Poetical Works.= With Memoir by CHARLES KENT.
  =Bret Harte's Poetical Works.=
  =Mrs. Hemans' Poetical Works.=
  =Hood's Poetical Works, Serious and Comic.= 528 pages.
  =Shelley's Poetical Works.= With Memoir by W. B. SCOTT.
  =Shakspere Gems=: Extracts, specially designed for Youth.
  =Cowper's Poetical Works.=
  =Milton's Poetical Works.= From the Text of Dr. NEWTON.
  =Sacred Poems: Devotional and Moral.=
  =Choice Poems and Lyrics.= Beautiful pieces from 130 Poets.
  =Chaucer's Canterbury Tales.=
  =Book of British Ballads.= Edited by S. C. HALL.
  =Holmes's Poetical Works.=
  =Lowell's Poetical Works.=
  =Willis's Poetical Works.=
  =Marlowe's Faustus and Goethe's Faust.= Complete.
  =Poems.= By ELIZABETH BARRETT BROWNING.
  =Doubtful Plays of Shakspeare.= Edited by HAZLITT.
  =Byron's Don Juan.=
  =Lord Lytton's King Arthur.=
  =---- ---- The New Timon.=
  =Dante's Divine Comedy.= LONGFELLOW'S Translation with Notes.
  =Whittier's Poetical Works.=
  =Bryant's Poetical Works.=
  =Campbell's Poetical Works.=
  =Coleridge's Poetical Works.=
  =Dodd's Beauties of Shakspeare.=
  =Herbert's Poetical Works.=
  =Keats' Poetical Works.=
  =Poe's Poetical Works.=
  =Pope's Poetical Works.=
  =Wordsworth's Poetical Works.=
  =Schiller and Horace.= Translated by LORD LYTTON.
  =Percy's Reliques of Ancient English Poetry.=
  =Keble's The Christian Year.=
  =Virgil's Æneid.= Translated by DRYDEN.
  =Butler's Hudibras.=
  =Herrick's Poems.=
  =Comic Poets of the Nineteenth Century.=
  =Spenser's Faerie Queene.=
  =Dryden's Poetical Works.=
  =Southey's Poetical Works.=
  =The Book of Familiar Quotations.=
  =Poets' Corner=: A Manual for Students in English Poetry.=
  =Sheridan Knowles' Dramatic Works.=




FIFTY VOLUMES HAVE NOW BEEN ISSUED OF =SIR JOHN LUBBOCK'S HUNDRED
BOOKS.=

Published on the 10th and 25th of each Month.

Crown 8vo, Red Cloth, uncut edges; or Blue Cloth, cut edges.


_ORDER OF PUBLICATION._

     1. HERODOTUS. Literally Translated from the Text of BAEHR, by
        HENRY CARY, M.A. 3s. 6d.

     2. DARWIN'S VOYAGE OF A NATURALIST IN H.M.S. "BEAGLE." 2s. 6d.

     3. THE MEDITATIONS OF MARCUS AURELIUS. Translated from the Greek
        by JEREMY COLLIER. 1s. 6d.

     4. THE TEACHING OF EPICTETUS. Translated from the Greek, with
        Introduction and Notes, by W. T. ROLLESTON. 1s. 6d.

     5. BACON'S ESSAYS, 1s. 6d.

     6. MILL'S POLITICAL ECONOMY. 3s. 6d.

     7. CARLYLE'S FRENCH REVOLUTION. 3s. 6d.

     8. SELF-HELP. By SAMUEL SMILES. 6s.

     9. WHITE'S NATURAL HISTORY OF SELBORNE. Edited by SIR WILLIAM
        JARDINE, Bart. With Illustrations. 3s. 6d.

     10. THE PICKWICK PAPERS. By CHARLES DICKENS. With Illustrations by
         "PHIZ." 3s. 6d.

     11. THE SHI KING: the Old "Poetry Classic" of the Chinese.
         Translated by WILLIAM JENNINGS, M.A. 3s. 6d.

     12. HOMER'S ILIAD AND ODYSSEY. Translated by ALEXANDER POPE. 3s.
         6d.

     13. VIRGIL'S ÆNEID. Translated by JOHN DRYDEN. 1s. 6d.

     14. MONTAIGNE'S ESSAYS. 3s. 6d.

     15. MILL'S SYSTEM OF LOGIC. 3s. 6d.

     16. LEWES'S BIOGRAPHICAL HISTORY OF PHILOSOPHY. 3s. 6d.

     17. THACKERAY'S VANITY FAIR. 3s. 6d.

     18. THE SHÁH NÁMEH OF THE PERSIAN POET FIRDAUSI. 3s. 6d.

     19. CAPTAIN COOK'S THREE VOYAGES ROUND THE WORLD. 3s. 6d.

     20. GOLDSMITH'S VICAR OF WAKEFIELD. 1/6.

     21. SCHILLER'S WILLIAM TELL. 1s. 6d.

     22. SALE'S KORAN. 3s. 6d.

     23. CHARLES KNIGHT'S SHAKSPERE. 3s. 6d.

     24. BOSWELL'S LIFE OF DR. JOHNSON. 3s. 6d.

     25. SCOTT'S IVANHOE. With Steel Plates. 3s. 6d.

     26. THACKERAY'S PENDENNIS. 5s.

     27. THUCYDIDES. Translated by W. SMITH, D.D. 3/6

     28. DAVID COPPERFIELD. By CHARLES DICKENS. With Illustrations and
         Portrait 3s. 6d.

     29. BYRON'S CHILDE HAROLD. 2s.

     30. THE PLAYS OF ÆSCHYLUS. Translated by ROBERT POTTER. 2s.

     31. ADAM SMITH'S WEALTH OF NATIONS; 3s. 6d.

     32. CHAUCER'S CANTERBURY TALES. 3s. 6d.

     33. GIBBON'S DECLINE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE. 2 vols. 7s.

     34. DIALOGUES OF PLATO: The Apology of Socrates, Crito, Phaedo,
         Protagoras. HENRY CARY, M.A. 2s.

     35. DON QUIXOTE. By Miguel de Cervantes. With Illustrations by SIR
         JOHN GILBERT, R.A. 3s. 6d.

     36. SHERIDAN'S PLAYS. 2s.

     37. ROBINSON CRUSOE. Illustrated by J. D. WATSON. 3s. 6d.

     38. DRYDEN'S POETICAL WORKS. 3s. 6d.

     39. PLUTARCH'S LIVES. Translated by JOHN LANGHORNE, M.D., and
         WILLIAM LANGHORNE, A.M. 3s. 6d.

     40. THE LAST DAYS OF POMPEII. 3s. 6d.

     41. BUNYAN'S PILGRIM'S PROGRESS. 3s. 6d.

     42. CARLYLE'S PAST AND PRESENT. 2s.

     43. ARISTOTLE'S ETHICS. 3s. 6d.

     44. WAKE'S APOSTOLICAL FATHERS. 3s. 6d.

     45. BACON'S NOVUM ORGANUM. 2s. 6d.

     46. DEMOSTHENES ON THE CROWN. 2s. 6d.

     47. PASCAL'S THOUGHTS ON RELIGION. 3/6

     48. BERKELEY'S HUMAN KNOWLEDGE. 2/6

     49. MALORY'S MORT D'ARTHURE. 5s.

     50. EMERSON'S ESSAYS. 3s. 6d.

     The Project Gutenberg eBook of Queer questions and ready replies

     This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
     most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
     whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
     of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
     at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
     you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
     before using this eBook.

     Title: Queer questions and ready replies
             A collection of four hundred questions in history, geography, biography, mythology, philosophy, natural history, science, philology, etc., etc., with their answers

     Author: Samuel Grant Oliphant

     Release date: August 22, 2023 [eBook #71466]

     Language: English

     Original publication: Boston: New England Publishing Company, 1886

     Credits: Charlene Taylor, Karin Spence and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images generously made available by The Internet Archive)


     *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK QUEER QUESTIONS AND READY REPLIES ***





                                 QUEER QUESTIONS

                                       AND

                                 READY REPLIES.

          A COLLECTION OF FOUR HUNDRED QUESTIONS IN HISTORY, GEOGRAPHY,
               BIOGRAPHY, MYTHOLOGY, PHILOSOPHY, NATURAL HISTORY,
                      SCIENCE, PHILOLOGY, ETC., ETC., WITH
                                 THEIR ANSWERS.

                                       BY

                               S. GRANT OLIPHANT.

                                 Fourth Edition.

                                     BOSTON:
                         NEW ENGLAND PUBLISHING COMPANY.
                                      1888.




                                COPYRIGHT, 1886,

                       BY NEW ENGLAND PUBLISHING COMPANY.




                                       TO

                                CARRIE G. NORRIS

                        THIS WORK IS GRATEFULLY INSCRIBED

                                 BY THE AUTHOR.




                                    PREFACE.


     The design of this little work is to offer, in a convenient form, to
     the reading public of the country, much quaint and curious as well
     as interesting and instructive information in history, geography,
     biography, philosophy, science, philology, etc., to correct several
     popular fallacies, to promote accurate scholarship, and to tender an
     explanation of many expressions which occur in daily conversation.

     Considerable time and pains have been given to the selection of the
     matter herein contained, and to the verification of the same. Care has
     been taken that no statement should be made which cannot be supported
     by good authority.

     The information covered by the questions and answers is not generally
     known, even by intelligent and educated readers, and much of it has
     never before been published in a form accessible to the great mass of
     readers.

     With the hope that it may prove an acceptable and _ready help_ to
     all intelligent readers, the author submits it to an appreciative and
     critical public.
                                                                S. G. O.
      WOODSTOWN, N. J.




                                    CONTENTS


                                        A
                                                                     PAGE

         Acting Vice-Presidents of the United States                  159

         Adam’s beard                                                  93

         African capital named from a United States President          76

         Albany Regency, The                                           95

         Alien and Sedition Laws, The                                 119

         Amber                                                          3

         American Fabius, The                                         169

         American Pathfinder, The                                     146

         American Pope of Rome, The                                    30

         Ancient account for the origin of amber                        4

         Ancient city that perished through silence                     5

         Ancient Mariner, The                                          65

         Ancient name of the ring-finger                               22

         Animal noted for its large tail                               72

         Antarctic Continent discovered                                38

         Auld Reekie                                                  134

         Author of “Curfew must not ring To-night”                     59

         Author of “Greenbacks”                                        89

         Author of the name America                                    21


                                        B

         Balm of Gilead                                               126

         Banshee                                                       66

         Battle fought above the clouds                                89

         Battle of Herrings, The                                      137

         Battle of Spurs, The                                         133

         Beautiful Parricide, The                                      23

         Beautiful Rope-maker, The                                    165

         Bible of the Greeks, The                                     151

         Bird with neither tail nor wings                               6

         Birthplace of two Presidents                                  40

         Black Hole of Calcutta                                       136

         Black Jack                                                   136

         Blue Hen State, The                                           88

         Blue-Noses, The                                              163

         Boundary between United States and Canada                     14

         Bravest of the brave, The                                     33

         Breeches Bible, The                                          130

         Bridge of Sighs, The                                         145

         Brightest star visible                                        62

         Bug Bible, The                                               104

         Burial place of Columbus                                     102

         Burial place of our Presidents                               105


                                        C

         Causes of the American Revolution                            116

         Causes of the Civil War                                      119

         Cave of the winds                                             40

         Celluloid                                                    104

         Chains of Columbus                                           176

         Children of Columbus                                         101

         Christ of India, The                                          50

         Cities without elections                                      28

         City destroyed by an ill-timed jest                          125

         City of Elms, The                                             43

         City of Magnificent Distances, The                           134

         City of Oaks, The                                            167

         City of the Red Staff, The                                    28

         City where burials are made above ground                     141

         Colony founded as a home for the poor                         91

         Color and portrait of our postage-stamps                      40

         Colossus of American Independence, The                        91

         Columbus’s line extinct                                      101

         Confederate candle                                            80

         Copperheads, The                                             171

         Country in which grass grows upon trees                      145

         Country in which prayers are said by wheels                   95

         Country in which the clergymen are blacksmiths                25

         Cousin Michael                                               131


                                        D

         Dark day, The                                                142

         Day of Barricades, The                                       143

         Day of Corn-sacks, The                                       170

         Defects of the Confederation                                 118

         Deliverer of Washington’s funeral oration                     76

         Derivation of Alaska                                         122

         Derivation of Canada                                         124

         Derivation of magnet                                         130

         Devil’s Wall, The                                             81

         Deviser of our decimal coinage                               107

         Diamond necklace affair                                       23

         Discovery of the Pacific Ocean                                82

         Dynamite                                                      99


                                        E

         Easter                                                        25

         Eight motions of the earth                                   172

         El Dorado                                                    144

         Election on which the price of flour depended                 77

         Explorer of the Mississippi with La Salle                     64

         Explorer who drove a herd of hogs before him                  72


                                        F

         Famous men killed by lice                                    168

         Father of Ridicule, The                                       41

         Fat man’s misery, The                                         11

         “Fiery serpents” of Numbers xxi                                8

         First American bird taken to England                         156

         First Bible printed in America                               138

         First bloodshed in the Civil War                              75

         First bloodshed in the Revolution                             52

         First census of the United States                             38

         First circumnavigator of the globe                           166

         First Colonial Congress                                      117

         First duel in the United States                               13

         First English book                                           147

         First English child born in America                          147

         First English child born in New England                       27

         First flag of a republic set up in America                    80

         First gun of the Civil War                                    75

         First land discovered by Columbus                             21

         First legislative assembly in America                         74

         First martyr to American liberty                              59

         First national political convention                           87

         First national political platform                             88

         First paper-makers                                            46

         First post-offices                                            12

         First President nominated by national convention              87

         First purchaser of United States postage-stamps              159

         First temperance society                                     145

         First watches                                                168

         First white child born in America                            173

         First woman hung in the United States                        162

         Foul-weather Jack                                             81

         Floral emblem of the United States                           172

         Flying Dutchman, The                                          65

         Franklin’s oft-quoted epitaph                                 55

         French game-cock, The                                         95


                                        G

         Gate of Tears, The                                           175

         Gems emblematic of the Twelve Apostles                       111

         General fired at fifteen times but unharmed                  164

         Goblets used as preservatives against poison                 157

         Golden number and how determined                             115

         Golomynka                                                     53

         Grandest funeral pageant ever known                           54

         Granite City, The                                            174

         Great American Commoner, The                                 100

         Ground Hog Day                                               105


                                        H

         Hæmadynamometer                                                4

         Hagar’s well                                                  63

         Hairy men, The                                               115

         Handsome Englishman, The                                     164

         Heaviest metal                                               134

         Hebrew manner of naming the books of the Bible               138

         Height of Goliath                                            126

         Highest spot inhabited by human beings                       142

         Highest tides known                                           25

         History changed by a flight of birds                          20

         History of the poem “Sheridan’s Ride”                        109

         Holy Grail, The                                               80

         Horse Latitudes, The                                         148

         How all the greenbacks, etc., are destroyed                   96

         How Napoleon was paid for Louisiana                           80

         How the Red Sea gets its color                                46

         How the schooner obtained its name                            43

         How the swallow obtained its name                            176

         How to determine the years of a Congress                      39

         How umbrellas are put together                                17


                                        I

         Indian chief made an English peer                             36

         Indians’ present to Penn’s widow                              71

         Indians with red hair and pale complexions                     7

         Inventor of decimal fractions                                107

         Inventor of the first steamboat                              139

         Inventor of the most perfect alphabet                         53

         Irish Night, The                                              67

         Iron Duke, The                                               148

         Island discovered by two lovers                               10

         Island of St. Brandon                                        148

         Island of the Seven Cities                                   149

         Ivan Ivanovitch                                              131


                                        J

         Japanese national beverage                                    37

         Jersey blues, The                                             93

         Jewish year corresponding to 1886 A. D.                       49

         John Bull                                                    132

         Johnny Crapaud                                               130

         John of Gaunt                                                122


                                        K

         Keystone State, The                                           67

         King who boasted of being a good cook                         10

         King who said “I am the state”                                60

         King who wrote an essay against tobacco                      173

         Kitchen Cabinet, The                                          52

         Kosciusko’s mound                                             97


                                        L

         Lalla Rookh                                                  151

         Land of Steady Habits, The                                   151

         Land of the Incas, The                                       138

         Land of the Midnight Sun, The                                 77

         Land of the Rising Sun, The                                   77

         Largest clock in the world                                    11

         Largest locomotive in the world                              146

         Largest stationary engine in the world                        55

         Last Union general killed in the Rebellion                    73

         Last words of Benedict Arnold                                 92

         Last words of Columbus                                       101

         Last writing of Columbus                                     102

         Learned tailor, The                                           62

         Left-handed marriage                                           1

         Lightest metal                                               135

         Light-horse Harry                                             95

         Little Giant, The                                             54

         Little Magician, The                                          72

         Little Paris                                                  16

         Longest word in the English language                         111

         Lumber State, The                                            151

         Luz                                                          152


                                        M

         Maiden town, The                                             155

         Maid of Saragossa, The                                        68

         Man of Destiny, The                                           57

         Martha Washington                                            125

         Meaning of the phrase “By hook or by crook”                  158

         Meaning of the phrase “By Jingo”                             113

         Meaning of the phrase “Fitting to a T”                       129

         Metals valued at over one thousand dollars a pound           173

         Mill-boy of the Slashes, The                                  43

         Mistress of the World, The                                    35

         Modern Athens, The                                           106

         Mollusk that swims by fins on the side of its neck             2

         Money of North American Indians                               42

         Most deadly epidemic ever known                               31

         Most famous heroine of antiquity                              98

         Most useful conquest ever made by man                         52

         Most useful tree in the world                                 73

         Mother Goose                                                  60

         Mother of Cities, The                                          9

         Mourning colors of various nations                            34


                                        N

         Name of the penitent thief                                    50

         National emblematic flower of China and Japan                139

         National hymn composed in a single night                      32

         Nearest approach made to the North Pole                       77

         Newspaper called “The Thunderer”                              57

         Newton of Antiquity, The                                     172

         Nimrod of the Bible, The                                      75

         Nine Worthies, The                                            41

         Northeast Passage discovered                                 156

         Northwest Passage discovered                                  26

         Number of languages                                           29

         Number of people brought over in the “Mayflower”              76


                                        O

         Oath of office administered to Washington                     35

         O Grab Me Act, The                                            61

         Old Bullion                                                   13

         Oldest President                                              90

         Oldest street in New England                                 155

         Old Hickory                                                   42

         Old Nick                                                     113

         Old Public Functionary                                        94

         Old Scratch                                                  135

         Only bird that can see an object with both eyes at once        6

         Only canonized saint of American birth                        74

         Only monarchy on the Western Continent                        96

         Order of the Garter                                           39

         Origin of “April Fool”                                       128

         Origin of “Before one could say Jack Robinson”                69

         Origin of “bigot”                                            164

         Origin of “bogus”                                            112

         Origin of “Brother Jonathan”                                  36

         Origin of “catch-penny”                                       58

         Origin of “getting into a scrape”                            129

         Origin of “halcyon days”                                      50

         Origin of “honeymoon”                                         43

         Origin of “humbug”                                           108

         Origin of “I acknowledge the corn”                            18

         Origin of “Johnnies”                                         176

         Origin of “Lynch Law”                                         67

         Origin of “Mugwump”                                          177

         Origin of “Old Harry”                                        106

         Origin of “pin-money”                                         56

         Origin of “printer’s devil”                                   44

         Origin of “quiz”                                              68

         Origin of “sardonic smile”                                   166

         Origin of “Simon Pure”                                       154

         Origin of “tariff”                                            57

         Origin of tarring and feathering                             112

         Origin of Thanksgiving Day                                   114

         Origin of “That’s a feather in your cap”                     161

         Origin of the barber’s pole                                  126

         Origin of the minute and second                               15

         Origin of the names of the days of the week                   48

         Origin of the names of the months                             47

         Origin of the names of the oceans                            143

         Origin of “The three R’s”                                     16

         Origin of the word “Mississippi”                              61

         Origin of “To catch a Tartar”                                154

         Origin of “To haul over the coals”                           155

         Origin of “To have a bone to pick with one”                  157

         Origin of “To row up Salt River”                             145

         Origin of “To speak for Buncombe”                            120

         Origin of “To throw dust in one’s eye”                       157

         Origin of Uncle Sam                                           16

         Origin of “Whig” and “Tory”                                  106

         Origin of $                                                  156


                                        P

         Palace containing five hundred rooms                          52

         Parents of Columbus                                          100

         Parthenopean Republic, The                                    47

         Patriot Preacher of the Revolution, The                       24

         Peeping Tom of Coventry                                      132

         Petrified City, The                                          161

         Philosopher who thought the sun was a huge fiery stone       175

         Physiologist who thought man should live a century            29

         Pine-Tree State, The                                          15

         Pocahontas’ real name                                         35

         Poet noted for his thinness                                   92

         Poet’s death caused by his bald head                          26

         Porkopolis                                                   148

         Postal cards                                                  78

         Pouter pigeon                                                 92

         Prairie State, The                                           135

         President buried at the expense of his friends               121

         Presidential administration compared to a parenthesis        137

         Presidential election in which three States did not vote      34

         Presidents born in Virginia                                   96

         President twice married to the same lady                     121

         President who never attended school                           79

         President who worked on a ferry-boat                          78

         President who wrote his own epitaph                           87

         Prince of Destruction, The                                   151

         Proper name of Columbus                                      100

         Punishment of bachelors at Sparta                             71

         Putnam and the wolf                                           78


                                        Q

         Quaker Poet, The                                             171

         Queen of Hearts, The                                         152

         Queen of Tears, The                                           33


                                        R

         Railroad City, The                                           124

         Rail-splitter, The                                            69

         Rare Ben                                                     113

         Red Prince, The                                              123

         Religious sect that depend on prayer                          51

         Remarkable Esquimaux stratagem                                20

         Roundheads, The                                              153




                                        S

         Sacred writings of the Buddhists                              83

         Sacred writings of the Chinese                                83

         Sacred writings of the Hindoos                                85

         Sacred writings of the Japanese                               86

         Sacred writings of the Mohammedans                            86

         Sacred writings of the Persians                               85

         Sacred writings of the Scandinavians                          84

         Sage Brush State, The                                        124

         Sage of Monticello, The                                      170

         Sailor king, The                                             176

         Samian letter, The                                           177

         Scourge of God, The                                          158

         Sect believing in one hundred and thirty-six hells            82

         Seed supposed to confer invisibility                          10

         Seven against Thebes, The                                    169

         Seven Bibles of the world, The                                86

         Seven Champions of Christendom, The                           45

         Seven Sleepers, The                                           44

         Seven Wise Men of Greece, The                                 45

         Seven Wonders of the ancient world, The                       45

         Shadeless forests                                             97

         Shakespeare of India, The                                      5

         Socrates’ fundamental doctrine                                51

         Sovereign who owns the greater part of his realm               9

         State called “The Dark and Bloody Ground”                     89

         “Stonewall” Jackson’s sobriquet                              136

         St. Tammany                                                   69

         Sucker State, The                                            103

         Symmes’ Hole                                                 171


                                        T

         Taffy                                                        131

         Tallest trees in the world                                    98

         Tam O’Shanter                                                 93

         Terms of the treaty of 1783                                  117

         Three kings of Cologne, The                                  142

         Title of the Czar of Russia                                  119

         Town in Vermont captured by the Confederates                   1

         Tree regarded as an emblem of death                           11

         Trivial incident that led to a grand discovery                 6

         Turpentine State, The                                        136

         Two consecutive Bible verses that contradict                 175


                                        U

         Unconditional Surrender                                      167

         Underground river in the United States                        58


                                        V

         Value of a pound of hair-springs for watches                   4

         Veiled Prophet, The                                            7

         Via Dolorosa                                                 135

         Vice-President not elected by the people                      38

         Vice-President who did not serve                              38

         Vinegar Bible, The                                           130

         Violet stones                                                 36


                                        W

         Wagoner Boy, The                                              64

         War of the Roses, The                                        155

         Water volcano, The                                            62

         Wealthiest President                                          93

         Well-known hymn composed in a few minutes                    129

         What the Indians did to raise ammunition                      75

         What the Indians supposed the ships of Columbus to be         79

         When a gallon of vinegar weighs more                          35

         Whence the cravat obtains its name                           147

         Where the Declaration of Independence was written            115

         Where the different Presidents were nominated                 88

         White Lady, The                                               28

         Who ate Roger Williams?                                       70

         Whose daughter was Noah?                                     115

         Whose wife was Adam?                                         114

         Why a dog turns round before he lies down                     46

         Why buckwheat is so called                                   112

         Why John Quincy Adams was so named                            90

         Why New Jersey is called a foreign country                   123

         Why New Jersey is called Spain                               153

         Why people move on March 25                                  150

         Why Presidents are inaugurated on the 4th of March            56

         Why the Baldwin apple is so called                           161

         Why the “Hoosiers” are so called                             160

         Why the passion flower is so called                          160

         Why the shamrock is the emblem of Ireland                    127

         Why the White House is so called                             132

         Wicked Bible, The                                             46

         Wife of Columbus                                             100

         Words containing all the vowels in order                      73


                                        Y

         Youngest President                                            81

         Youngest Territory                                           127


                                        Z

         Zopyrus                                                      175




                       QUEER QUESTIONS AND READY REPLIES.


     1. What town in Vermont was taken by the Confederates during the late
     Civil War?

     On the 19th of October, 1864, between twenty and thirty armed
     Confederates left Canada, entered St. Albans, Vermont, robbed the
     banks, stole horses and stores, fired and killed one man, wounded
     others, and returned to Canada. Thirteen were arrested Oct. 21, but
     they were discharged on account of some legal difficulty by Judge
     Coursol, Dec. 14. This raid caused great excitement in the United
     States; Gen. Dix proclaimed reprisals; volunteers were called out to
     defend the Canadian frontiers; but President Lincoln rescinded Dix’s
     proclamation in December. The raiders were all discharged March 30,
     1865, and Secretary Seward gave up claim to their extradition in April.


     2. What is a “left-handed” marriage?

     A morganatic or left-handed marriage, as it is sometimes called, is
     a lower sort of matrimonial union, which, as a civil engagement,
     is completely binding, but fails to confer on the wife the title
     or fortune of her husband, and on the children the full status of
     legitimacy or right of succession. The members of the German princely
     houses have for centuries been in the practice of entering into
     marriages of this kind with their inferiors in rank. Out of this
     usage has gradually sprung a code of matrimonial law, by which the
     union of princes with persons of lower rank, in other than morganatic
     form, involves serious consequences, especially toward the lady. The
     penalty of death was actually enforced in the case of the beautiful and
     unfortunate Agnes Bernaur. In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries a
     fashion began among the German princes of taking a morganatic wife in
     addition to one who enjoyed the complete matrimonial status,--Landgrave
     Philip of Hesse setting the example, with a very qualified
     disapprobation on the part of the leading reformers. An energetic
     attempt was made in the first half of the last century by Anton
     Ulrich, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, to upset the established practice, and
     to obtain for his morganatic wife the rank of duchess, and for her
     children the right of succession. The most recent morganatic marriage
     was that of the late Czar of Russia, Alexander II., to the Princess
     Dolgorouki, 1880.


     3. What mollusk has a distinct head, and swims by fins attached to the
     side of the neck?

     This is the Gymnosomata (Greek, “naked-bodied”), an order of
     pteropodous mollusks, destitute of shell. They constitute one family,
     the Cliidæ. They are all marine; and the right whale feeds largely
     upon some of the species, engulfing great numbers in its open mouth,
     and straining them from the water by means of its baleen. The _Clio
     borealis_ of the Arctic Seas is the best known and most interesting
     example.


     4. What substance was once a vegetable, but is now a mineral; was once
     valued as a medicine, but is now used only for purposes of ornament?

     Amber is the fossilized resinous exudation from several species of
     extinct coniferous trees, of which one, the _Pinites succinifer_,
     is supposed to have produced a greater part. It now appears like
     coal, in connection with beds of which it is usually found, as a
     product of the mineral kingdom. It formerly had a high reputation
     as a medicine, but the virtues ascribed to it were almost entirely
     imaginary. It is usually of a pale yellow color, sometimes reddish
     or brownish, sometimes transparent, sometimes almost opaque. It is
     now extensively used for ornaments, and especially for mouthpieces
     of pipes, the consumption being greatest in Eastern Europe, Turkey,
     Persia, etc. Fine pieces are worth more than their weight in gold.
     The largest mass known is in the Royal Cabinet at Berlin; its weight
     is eighteen pounds, and it is valued at $30,000. Most of the amber of
     commerce is obtained from the shores of the Baltic, between Königsberg
     and Memel. It was an article of exchange long anterior to the dawn of
     history, as we know by its frequent occurrence in the remains of the
     lake dwellings of Switzerland. The earliest notice of amber we find
     occurs in Homer’s “Odyssey,” where, in the list of jewels offered by
     the Phœnicians to the Queen of Syria, occurs “the gold necklace hung
     with bits of amber” (Od., XV. 460). It becomes negatively electric by
     friction, and possesses this property in a high degree, which, indeed,
     was first observed in it, and the term “electricity” is derived from
     _Elektron_, the Greek name of amber.


     5. How did the ancients account for the origin of amber?

     Among the Greek fables purporting to account for the origin of amber,
     it is narrated that the Heliadæ, on seeing their brother, Phaëthon,
     hurled by the lightning of Zeus (Jupiter) into the Eridanus, were by
     the pitying gods transformed into poplar-trees, and the tears they
     shed were dropped as amber on the shores of the river. A less poetical
     theory of its origin states that it was formed from the condensed urine
     of the lynx inhabitating Northern Italy, the pale varieties being
     produced by the females, while the deeper tints were attributed to the
     males.


     6. What is the value of a pound of steel when made into hair-springs
     for watches?

     A pound of steel that costs but a few cents becomes worth $128,000 in
     the shape of hair-springs for watches.


     7. Who devised the instrument for determining the pressure of the blood
     in the arteries and veins of the living body?

     The Hæmadynamometer (from the Greek αἶμα, blood, δύναμις, force,
     and μέτρον, a measure) was devised for this purpose by Poisseville.
     The pressure of the blood is measured, as in the barometer, by the
     column of mercury that it balances. The instrument has recently been
     improved in various ways, and a contrivance has been added by which the
     oscillations of the mercury are inscribed in the form of an undulating
     curve on a cylinder made to revolve by clock-work; the height of the
     undulations denoting the pressure, and their horizontal amplitude the
     time.


     8. What ancient city perished through silence?

     Amyclæ, an ancient town of Laconia, situated on the eastern bank of
     the Eurotas, was a famous city in the heroic age. It was the abode
     of Tyndarus and his spouse Leda, of Castor and Pollux, who are hence
     called the “Amyclæan Brothers.” It was only shortly before the first
     Messenian War (743–724 B. C.) that the town was conquered by the
     Spartan King Teleclus. The inhabitants had been so often alarmed by
     false reports of the approach of the Spartans that, growing tired of
     living in a state of continual alarm, they decreed that no one should
     henceforth mention or even take notice of these disagreeable fictions;
     and, accordingly, when the Spartans at last came, no one dared to
     announce their approach. Hence arose the Greek saying, “Amyclæ perished
     through silence,” and also the Latin proverb, “_Amyclis ipsis
     taciturnior_” (More silent than even Amyclæ).


     9. What dramatic poet has been called the “Shakespeare of India”?

     Kalidasa was the greatest dramatic poet of India. His drama,
     “Sakuntala,” translated by Sir William Jones, 1789, produced a great
     sensation in Europe. He is noted for the variety of his creations, his
     ingenious conceptions, beauty of narrative, delicacy of sentiment, and
     fertility of imagination; hence the sobriquet.


     10. What trivial incident in 1666 led to one of the grandest
     discoveries ever made?

     It was during this year that the celebrated philosopher, Sir Isaac
     Newton, while sitting beneath an apple-tree in his mother’s orchard at
     Woolsthorpe, England, conceived the idea of gravitation from seeing an
     apple fall from the tree. This tree remained standing until the year
     1814, when it was blown down. The wood of it was preserved and made
     into various articles. Several trees still exist which were raised from
     the seeds of its fruit.


     11. Which is the only bird that can use both eyes at once in looking at
     an object?

     This bird is the owl. Its eyes are very large, directed forward, more
     or less surrounded by a disk of radiating bristly feathers, and in
     most of the species formed for seeing in the twilight or at night,
     presenting a vacant stare when exposed to daylight. The Greeks and
     Romans made it the emblem of wisdom, and sacred to Minerva, and,
     indeed, its large head and solemn eyes give it an air of wisdom which
     its brain does not sanction.


     12. What bird has neither tail nor wings?

     The Apteryx (Greek α, privative, πτέρυξ, wing) is a bird allied to the
     ostrich and emu. It is found in New Zealand, particularly in regions
     covered with extensive and thick beds of fern, in which it hides
     when alarmed. It is called _kiwi-kiwi_ by the natives. It has
     a very long and slender bill, of which it makes a remarkable use in
     supporting itself when it rests. The natives pursue it for its skin,
     which is very tough and flexible, and much prized by the chiefs for the
     manufacture of their state mantles. Happy is the Maori who possesses a
     cloak of _kiwi-kiwi_ feathers.


     13. What race of Indians, still unconquered, is supposed to have red
     hair and pale complexions?

     The Guatuso Indians, a race of the Aztec family. They dwell along the
     banks and head-waters of the Rio Frio, which flows into Lake Nicaragua.
     Their country has never been penetrated. The attempts made by the
     Catholic missionaries and the governors of Nicaragua to reach them,
     though often renewed, have always been repulsed.


     14. Who was the “Veiled Prophet”?

     Hakim Ben Allah, or Ben Hashem, the founder of an Arabic sect in the
     eighth century, during the reign of Mahadi, the third Abassidian
     caliph, at Neksheb, or Meru in Khorassan, was surnamed Mokanna, or
     “the veiled prophet.” He was so called on account of his constantly
     wearing a veil of silver, or, according to others, of golden gauze.
     Some writers attribute this habit to a desire to conceal a deformity,
     one of his eyes having been pierced by an arrow, others to the desire
     to conceal his extraordinary ugliness. His own explanation, which
     was believed by his followers, was that the veil was necessary to
     shroud from the eyes of the beholder the dazzling rays emanating
     from his divine countenance. Hakim set himself up as a god. He had
     first, he said, assumed the body of Adam, then that of Noah, and
     subsequently those of many other wise and great men. The last human
     form he pretended to have adopted was that of Abu Moslem, a prince
     of Khorassan. He appears to have been well versed in the arts of
     legerdemain and “natural magic,” principally as regards producing
     startling effects of light and color. Among other miracles, he, for
     a whole week, to the great delight and bewilderment of his soldiers,
     caused a moon or moons to issue from a deep well; and so brilliant
     was the appearance of these luminaries, that the real moon quite
     disappeared by their side. On this account he was sometimes called
     Sagende Nah, or the “Moon-maker.” When the Sultan Mahadi had, after
     a long siege, taken the last stronghold in which Hakim had fortified
     himself, he, having first poisoned all his soldiers at a banquet, threw
     himself into a vessel filled with a burning acid of such a nature that
     his body was entirely dissolved, and nothing remained but a few hairs.
     This was done that the faithful might believe him to have ascended
     to heaven alive. Some remnants of his sect still exist. Hakim has
     furnished the subject of many romances, of which the one contained in
     Moore’s “Lalla Rookh” is the most brilliant and best known.


     15. What were supposed to be the “fiery serpents” which attacked the
     Israelites in the desert?

     It has been argued with great plausibility that they were in reality
     Guinea or Medina worms (_Filaria medinensis_), a parasite that
     inhabits the flesh of men and other animals, and that seems to have
     been known from the earliest times. It is from six inches to four feet
     in length, and about one ninth of an inch in diameter. It is found in
     many parts of Africa, India, Sumatra, Persia, Arabia, and the island
     of Curaçoa. It is believed to enter the flesh through the skin, and as
     many as fifty have been reported in a single person. In some cases they
     cause much pain and inconvenience; in others, none. Death has sometimes
     resulted from them.


     16. What sovereign owns the greater part of the territory over which he
     reigns?

     At least three different rulers can claim this distinction. Prince
     Heinrich XXII., present sovereign of the Principality of Reuss-Greiz,
     has no civil list. He is very wealthy, and the greater part of the
     territory over which he reigns is his own private property.

     Prince Heinrich XIV. is the present sovereign of the Principality of
     Reuss-Schleiz, of which the greater part is the private property of the
     reigning family.

     Friedrich Wilhelm I., present Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, is
     one of the wealthiest of German sovereigns, more than half of the Grand
     Duchy being his own property.


     17. What Oriental town is called the “Mother of Cities”?

     Mecca, one of the oldest towns of Arabia, the capital of the province
     of Hedjaz, and, through being the birthplace of Mohammed, the central
     and most holy city of all Islam, is, on this account, called by the
     Arabs _Om Al Kora_, the “Mother of Cities.”

     This title is also given by the native population to Balkh, in Central
     Asia, formerly a great city, but now for the most part a mass of
     ruins. This is a city of great antiquity, and was at an early date a
     rival of Nineveh and Babylon.


     18. What seed was supposed to render its possessor invisible, and why?

     Plants were once thought to impart their own characteristics to the
     wearer. Thus the herb-dragon was thought to cure the bite of serpents;
     wood-sorrel, which has a heart-shaped leaf, to cheer the heart;
     liver-wort, to benefit the liver, etc. Certain kinds of ferns have
     seeds so minute as to be invisible to the naked eye, and, carried about
     the person, were supposed to confer invisibility. Shakespeare says, “We
     have the receipt of fern-seed; we walk invisible.” (1 Henry IV., Act
     II., 1.)


     19. What king prided himself on being the best cook in his country?

     Louis XV. (1710–1774), the grandson of Louis XIV., is said to have
     boasted of being the best cook in France, and to have been much pleased
     when the courtiers ate eagerly of the dishes which he had prepared.


     20. What island was discovered by two lovers?

     There is a story to the effect that two lovers, Robert Machim and Anna
     d’Arfet, fleeing from England to France in 1346, were driven out of
     their course by a violent storm, and cast on the coast of Madeira at
     the place subsequently named Machico, in memory of one of them. The
     truth of this romantic story has recently been demonstrated by Mr.
     Major.


     21. Where is the “Fat Man’s Misery”?

     This is a narrow serpentine path in the Mammoth Cave. The walls, only
     eighteen inches apart, change direction eight times in one hundred
     and five yards, while the distance from the sandy path to the ledge
     overhead is but five feet.


     22. What tree is regarded as an emblem of death?

     The cypress has been so used for centuries, from the sombre aspect
     of its dark green leaves, and from the fact that when once cut down
     it never grows again. In ancient times cypress logs were placed on
     funeral piles; probably on account of both their emblematic use and the
     aromatic odor, emitted by the burning wood, which would counteract any
     smell arising from the burning body.


     23. Where is the largest clock in the world?

     In the English House of Parliament. The four dials of this clock are
     twenty-two feet in diameter. Every half-minute the minute-hand moves
     nearly seven inches. The clock will go eight and one half days, but
     will strike for only seven and one half days, thus indicating any
     neglect in winding it up. The winding up of the striking apparatus
     takes two hours. The pendulum is fifteen feet long; the wheels are
     cast iron; the hour bell is eight feet high and nine feet in diameter,
     weighing nearly fifteen tons, and the hammer alone weighs more than
     five hundred pounds. This clock strikes the quarter-hours. Its pendulum
     beats every two seconds. The motion is kept up by a remontoir, or
     gravity escapement.


     24. When were post-offices first established?

     The first letter post was established in the Hanse towns in the early
     part of the thirteenth century. A line of letter posts followed,
     connecting Austria with Lombardy, in the reign of the Emperor
     Maximilian, which are said to have been organized by the princes of
     Thurn and Taxis; and the representatives of the same house established
     another line of posts from Vienna to Brussels, the most distant parts
     of the dominions of Charles V. This family continue to the present day
     to hold certain rights with regard to the German postal system, their
     posts being entirely distinct from those established by the crown,
     and sometimes in rivalry with them. In England, in early times, both
     public and private letters were sent by messengers, who, in the reign
     of Henry III., wore the royal livery. They had to provide themselves
     with horses until the reign of Edward I., when posts were established
     where horses were to be had for hire. Edward IV., when engaged in war
     with Scotland, had dispatches conveyed to his camp with great speed, by
     means of a system of relays of horses, which, however, fell into disuse
     on the restoration of peace. Camden mentions the office of “master of
     the postes” as existing in 1581, but the duties of that officer were
     probably connected exclusively with the supply of post horses. The
     posts were meant for the conveyance of government dispatches alone,
     and it was only by degrees that permission was extended to private
     individuals to make use of them. A foreign post for the conveyance of
     letters between London and the Continent seems to have been established
     by foreign merchants in the fifteenth century; and certain disputes
     which arose between the Flemings and the Italians regarding the right
     of appointing a postmaster, and were referred to the privy council,
     led to the institution of a “chief postmaster,” who should have charge
     both of the English and foreign post. The American post-office is one
     of our earliest institutions, and was provided for by legislation in
     Massachusetts in 1639, and in Virginia in 1657. A monthly post between
     New York and Boston was established in 1672.


     25. Who was “Old Bullion”?

     This sobriquet was conferred on Col. Thomas Hart Benton (1782–1852),
     a distinguished American statesman, on account of his advocacy of
     the gold and silver currency as a true remedy for the financial
     embarrassments in which the United States was involved after the
     expiration of the charter of the national bank, and as the only proper
     medium for government disbursements and receipts.


     26. When, where, and between whom was the first duel fought in the
     United States?

     The first duel in the United States was at Plymouth, Mass., on June
     18, 1621, between Edward Doty and Edward Leicester, two servants, both
     of whom were wounded. For this outrage they were sentenced to the
     punishment of having their heads and feet tied together, and of lying
     thus twenty-four hours without food or drink. After suffering, however,
     in that posture an hour, at their master’s intercession and their
     humble request, with the promise of amendment, they were released by
     the governor.


     27. How is the northern boundary line of the United States marked?

     The northern boundary line of this country is marked by stone cairns,
     iron pillars, wood pillars, earth mounds, and timber posts. A stone
     cairn is seven and a half feet by eight feet; an earth mound seven
     feet by fourteen feet; an iron pillar seven feet high, eight inches
     square at the bottom, and four inches at the top; timber posts five
     feet high and eight inches square. There are three hundred and
     eighty-five of these marks between the Lake of the Woods and the base
     of the Rocky Mountains. That portion of the boundary which lies east
     and west of the Red River Valley is marked by cast-iron pillars at
     even mile intervals. The British place one every two miles, and the
     United States one between each British post. Our pillars or markers
     were made at Detroit, Mich. They are hollow iron castings, three
     eighths of an inch in thickness, in the form of a truncated pyramid,
     eight feet high, eight inches square at the bottom, and four at the
     top, as before stated. They have at the top a solid pyramidal cap,
     and at the bottom an octagonal flange one inch in thickness. Upon the
     opposite faces are cast, in letters two inches high, the inscriptions,
     “Convention of London,” and “October 20th, 1818.” The inscriptions
     begin about four feet six inches above the base and read upwards. The
     interiors of the hollow posts are filled with well-seasoned cedar
     posts, sawed to fit, and securely spiked through spike holes cast in
     the pillars for that purpose. The average weight of each pillar when
     completed is eighty-five pounds. The pillars are all set four feet
     in the ground, with their inscription faces to the north and south,
     and the earth is well settled and stamped about them. For the wooden
     posts well-seasoned logs are selected, and the portion above the ground
     painted red, to prevent swelling and shrinking. These posts do very
     well, but the Indians cut them down for fuel, and nothing but iron
     will last very long. Where the line crosses lakes, mountains of stone
     have been built, the bases being in some places eighteen feet under
     water, and the tops projecting eight feet above the lake’s surface at
     high-water mark. In forests the line is marked by felling the timber a
     rod wide, and clearing away the underbrush. The work of cutting through
     the timbered swamps was very great, but it has been well done, and the
     boundary distinctly marked by the commissioners the whole distance from
     Michigan to Alaska.


     28. What is the origin of the minute and second?

     We have sixty divisions on the dials of our clocks and watches, because
     the old Greek astronomer, Hipparchus, who lived in the second century
     before Christ, accepted the Babylonian system of reckoning time, that
     system being sexagesimal. The Babylonians were acquainted with the
     decimal system, but for common or practical purposes they counted by
     _sossi_ and _sari_, the _sossos_ representing sixty, and
     the _saros_ sixty times six,--thirty-six hundred. From Hipparchus
     that mode of reckoning found its way into the works of Ptolemy about
     150 A. D., and hence was carried down the stream of science and
     civilization, and found its way to the dial plates of our clocks and
     watches.


     29. Which is the “Pine Tree State”?

     Maine. The majestic mast pines which have given this State its
     sobriquet are fast receding before the demands of commerce. This tree
     is the heraldic emblem of the State.


     30. What city is called “Little Paris”?

     Milan, Italy, from its resemblance in point of gayety to the French
     capital.


     31. What was the origin of the term “Uncle Sam”?

     This term came into use in the War of 1812, and was born at Troy, N.
     Y. The government inspector there was Uncle Sam Wilson, and when the
     war opened Elbert Anderson, the contractor at New York, bought a large
     amount of beef, pork, and pickles for the army. These were inspected by
     Wilson, and were duly labelled E. A.--U. S., meaning Elbert Anderson,
     for the United States. The term U. S. for the United States was then
     somewhat new, and the workmen concluded that they referred to Uncle
     Sam Wilson. After they discovered their mistake, they kept up the name
     as a joke. These same men soon went to the war. There they repeated
     the joke. It got into print and went the rounds. From that time on the
     term “Uncle Sam” was used facetiously for the United States, and it now
     represents the nation.


     32. What is the origin of the phrase “The Three R’s”?

     It is said that this phrase was originated by Sir William Curtis, who
     was Lord Mayor of London in 1795. A writer in _Notes and Queries_
     says: “I remember an aged member of the corporation, now deceased,
     asserting that Sir William Curtis, in the days when Dr. Bell and the
     Quaker Lancaster were pleading on behalf of increased facilities for
     the education of the poor, gave as a toast at a city dinner, ‘The three
     R’s.’ My friend assured me that Sir William Curtis, although a man of
     limited education, was very shrewd, and not so ignorant as to suppose
     his presumed orthography was correct. He chose the phrase in the above
     form purely for a jocular reason.”


     33. How is an umbrella put together?

     The first thing to be done is to prepare the stick to receive the
     cover. The two springs are first put in, one at the top to hold the
     umbrella open, and one at the bottom to keep it closed. The slots in
     which the springs are put are cut by a machine. This is a very delicate
     and dangerous operation, as, unless great care is taken, the man who
     does it is liable to lose his fingers. After this is done another man
     takes the stick, and with a knife prepares it to receive the spring.
     The springs are then set, and the ferrule is put on at the top of the
     stick. If the handle is of different material from the stick, it is now
     fastened to it. All of the counters in the work-rooms are carpeted to
     prevent the sticks from being scratched. After the handle is securely
     fastened and a band put on to finish or ornament the stick, it is sent
     to the frame-maker. He fastens the stretchers to the ribs, strings the
     top end of the ribs on a wire, and fits into the “runner notch.” He
     then strings the lower ends of the “stretchers” on a wire and fastens
     with the “runner.” When both of the “runners” are securely fixed,
     the umbrella is ready for the cover. The cutter lays his cloth very
     smoothly on a long counter, folding it until the fabric is sixteen
     layers deep and several yards long. The edges have been previously
     hemmed on a sewing machine. When everything is ready, the cutter lays
     on his pattern (this is usually made of wood tipped with brass), and
     with a very sharp knife cuts along the sides of it, thus cutting two
     covers at once. Every piece is then carefully examined, to see that
     there is no bad place or hole in it. A man then carefully stretches
     the edges, that it may fit the frame. The pieces are then stitched on
     a sewing machine, in what is called a pudding-bag seam. The tension
     is very carefully adjusted so that the thread will not break when the
     cover is stretched over the frame. The cover is first fastened to the
     frame at the top and bottom. The umbrella is then half raised, and
     held in position by a small tool for that purpose, while the seams
     are fastened to the ribs. When this is done, the tie is sewed on, the
     cap is put on, and the umbrella is entirely put together. A woman
     then takes it and presses the edges with a warm flat-iron. Afterward
     another woman takes it and inspects it before a very strong light to
     make sure that it is perfect. If it bears this inspection it is neatly
     adjusted about the handle, the tie fastened, and it is then ready for a
     purchaser.


     34. What is the origin of the phrase “I acknowledge the corn”?

     This phrase originated in the following manner: In 1828, Mr. Stewart,
     a member of Congress, said in a speech that Ohio, Kentucky, and
     Indiana sent their hay-stacks, corn-fields, and fodder to New York and
     Philadelphia for sale. Mr. Wickliffe, of Kentucky, called him to order,
     declaring that those States did not send hay-stacks, corn-fields, and
     fodder to New York and Philadelphia for sale. “Well, what do you send?”
     asked Mr. Stewart. “Why, horses, mules, cattle, and hogs.” “Well, what
     makes your horses, mules, cattle, and hogs? You feed $100 worth of hay
     to a horse. You just animate and get upon the top of your hay-stack and
     ride off to market. How is it with your cattle? You make one of them
     carry $50 worth of hay or grass to the Eastern market. How much corn
     does it take, at thirty-three cents a bushel, to fatten a hog?” “Why,
     thirty bushels.” “Then you put thirty bushels into the shape of a hog
     and make it walk to the Eastern market.” Then Mr. Wickliffe jumped up
     and said, “Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge the corn.”

     Another account of the origin of this phrase is as follows: Some
     years ago, a raw customer, from the upper country, determined to try
     his fortune at New Orleans. Accordingly he provided himself with two
     flat-boats, one laden with corn and the other with potatoes, and down
     the river he went. The night after his arrival he went up town to a
     gambling-house. Of course he commenced betting, and his luck proving
     unfortunate, he lost. When his money was gone, he bet his “truck”; and
     the corn and potatoes followed the money. At last, when completely
     cleaned out, he returned to his boats at the wharf, when the evidences
     of a new misfortune presented themselves. Through some accident or
     other, the flat-boat containing the corn was sunk, and a total loss.
     Consoling himself as well as he could, he went to sleep, dreaming of
     gamblers, potatoes, and corn. It was scarcely sunrise, however, when
     he was disturbed by the “child of chance,” who had arrived to take
     possession of the two boats as his winnings. Slowly awakening from his
     sleep, our hero, rubbing his eyes and looking the man in the face,
     replied, “Stranger, _I acknowledge the corn_,--take ’em; but the
     potatoes you _can’t_ have, by thunder!”


     35. How did a flight of birds change the history of America?

     When Columbus sailed westward over the broad expanse of the unknown
     waters of the Atlantic, he expected to reach Zipangu (Japan). Having
     sailed westward from Gomera, one of the Canary Islands, for many days,
     he grew uneasy at not having discovered Zipangu, which, according to
     his reckoning, he should have met with two hundred and sixteen nautical
     miles more to the east. After a long debate, he yielded to the opinion
     of Martin Alonzo Pinzon, the commander of the _Pinta_, and steered
     to the southwest. Pinzon was guided in his opinion by a flight of
     parrots towards the southwest. The effect of this change in his course
     curiously exemplifies the influence of small and apparently trivial
     events on the world’s history. If Columbus, resisting the counsel of
     Pinzon, had kept his original route, he would have entered the warm
     current of the Gulf Stream, have reached Florida, and thence perhaps
     have been carried to Cape Hatteras and Virginia. The result would
     probably have been to give the present United States a Roman Catholic
     Spanish population, instead of a Protestant English one, a circumstance
     of immeasurable importance. “Never,” says Humboldt, “had the flight of
     birds more important consequences. It may be said to have determined
     the first settlements on the new continent, and its distribution
     between the Latin and Germanic races.”


     36. When did an American race have recourse to a stratagem similar to
     the celebrated wooden horse of Troy?

     In order to destroy the last settlement of the Northmen in Greenland,
     “the savages,” says Dr. I. I. Hayes, the famous Arctic explorer, “had
     recourse to a stratagem worthy to be compared with the celebrated
     wooden horse of Troy.” Over an immense raft of boats, they constructed
     an immense scaffolding, and covered it with white sealskins to make it
     look like an iceberg. Filled with armed men, it floated down the fiord.
     It was seen by the sentinels and other people of the settlement, but
     was supposed by them to be nothing more than a harmless mass of ice,
     till it was run aground near the church. Then the Esquimaux rushed out
     of it, slaughtered the inhabitants, and destroyed the settlement.


     37. Which was the first land discovered by Columbus?

     The spot which he first reached was a small island, called by the
     natives Guanahani, to which Columbus gave the name of San Salvador,
     the Spanish for Holy Saviour. This was the island now known as Watling
     Island, as was suggested by Muñoz in 1793, and proved by Mr. R. H.
     Major in 1870, and not the island now called San Salvador.


     38. With whom did the name America originate?

     In a paper distinguished for great learning and able criticism,
     Mr. Major has shown that the word “America” first appeared on the
     _Mappe Monde_, drawn by Leonardo da Vinci, and he explains the
     circumstances which led to its adoption. The first map known to exist
     with the New World delineated upon it is that drawn by Juan de la
     Cosa, the pilot of Columbus in his second voyage. This map is dated
     1500. Juan de la Cosa was with Ojeda and Vespucci, and afterwards with
     Ojeda in his last and ill-fated expedition. In May, 1507, just a year
     after the death of Columbus, one Martin Waldseemuller (Hylacomulus)
     wrote a book called _Cosmographiæ Introductio_, to which was
     appended a Latin edition of the four voyages of Vespucci. In this book,
     which was published at St. Dié in Lorraine, he proposed that the name
     _America_ should be given to the New World. In 1508 the first
     engraved map containing the New World appeared in an edition of Ptolemy
     printed at Rome, but it does not bear the name of America. But in 1509
     the name America, proposed by Hylacomulus in 1507, appears as if it was
     already accepted as a well-known denomination, in an anonymous work
     entitled _Globus Mundi_, published at Strasburg. The _Mappe
     Monde_ of Leonardo da Vinci, to which Major assigns the date 1514,
     has the name of America across the South American continent.


     39. What was the ancient name of the “ring-finger”?

     The fingers, as anciently known, are: thumb; toucher, foreman, or
     pointer; long man, or long finger; lich-man, or ring-finger; little
     man, or little finger. The Romans believed that a nerve ran through
     the ring-finger to the heart. Both they and the Greeks called it the
     medical finger, and used it for stirring their mixtures, believing that
     nothing harmful could touch it without despatching a warning to the
     heart. The notion is said still to exist in some parts of England that
     salve must not be applied to the flesh or the skin scratched with any
     but the ring-finger.


     40. Who was “The Beautiful Parricide”?

     Beatrice Cenci was so called. According to Muratori, her father,
     Francesco, was twice married, Beatrice being his daughter by the first
     wife. After his second marriage he treated the children of his first
     wife in a revolting manner, and was even accused of hiring bandits
     to murder two of his sons on their return from Spain. The beauty of
     Beatrice inspired him with the horrible and incestuous desire to
     possess her person; with mingled lust and hate, he persecuted her
     from day to day, until circumstances enabled him to consummate his
     brutality. The unfortunate girl besought the help of her relatives and
     of Pope Clement VII., but did not receive it, whereupon, in company
     with her step-mother and her brother, Giacomo, she planned and executed
     the murder of her unnatural parent. The crime was discovered, and
     both she and Giacomo were put to the torture. Giacomo confessed, but
     Beatrice persisted in the declaration that she was innocent. All,
     however, were condemned, and put to death August, 1599, in spite of
     efforts made in their behalf.


     41. What was the Diamond Necklace Affair?

     This wonderful piece of jewelry, made by Boehmer, the court jeweller of
     Paris, was intended for Madame du Barry, the favorite of Louis XV. On
     the death of the monarch, however, she was excluded from court, and the
     bawble was left on the jeweller’s hands. Its immense value, 1,800,000
     livres ($400,000), precluded any one from becoming its purchaser,
     but in 1785 Boehmer offered it to Marie Antoinette for $320,000, a
     considerable reduction. The queen much desired the necklace, but was
     deterred from its purchase by the great expense. Learning this, the
     Countess de la Motte forged the queen’s signature, and, by pretending
     that her Majesty had an attachment for the Cardinal de Rohan, the
     queen’s almoner, persuaded him to conclude a bargain with the jeweller
     for $280,000. De la Motte thus obtained possession of the necklace and
     made off with it. For this she was tried in 1786 and sentenced to be
     branded on both shoulders and imprisoned for life, but she subsequently
     escaped and fled to London. The cardinal was tried and acquitted the
     same year. The French public at that time believed that the queen was
     a party to the fraud, but no conclusive evidence was ever adduced to
     support the charge. Talleyrand wrote at the time, “I shall not be
     surprised if this miserable affair overturn the throne.” His prediction
     was, to a great extent, fulfilled.


     42. Who was the “Patriot Preacher of the Revolution”?

     The Rev. John Peter Gabriel Muhlenberg (1746–1807) has been so termed.
     He was educated at Halle, ordained to the ministry in England, and
     in 1772 became Lutheran minister of Woodstock, Va. He soon became a
     leading spirit among those opposed to British oppression. His last
     sermon was upon the duty men owe to their country. In concluding, he
     said: “There is a time for all things, a time to preach and (with a
     voice that echoed like a trumpet blast through the church) a time to
     fight, and now is the time to fight.” Then, laying aside his sacerdotal
     gown, he stood before his flock in the full regimental dress of a
     Virginia colonel. He ordered the drums to be beaten at the church door
     for recruits; and almost his entire male audience, capable of bearing
     arms, joined his standard. Nearly three hundred men enlisted under his
     banner on that day. The scene has been described in verse by Thomas
     Buchanan Read in the “Wagoner of the Alleghanies.” In February, 1777,
     Congress promoted Muhlenberg to the rank of brigadier-general; and at
     the close of the war he was made a major-general.


     43. When does Easter come?

     The Council of Nice (325 A. D.) authoritatively declared for the whole
     Church, Easter to be always the first Sunday after the full moon which
     occurs on or next after March 21; and if the full moon happen on a
     Sunday, Easter is to be the Sunday following.


     44. Where are the highest tides found?

     The high tides that rise in the Bay of Fundy are one of the wonders
     of the world. The funnel-shaped and rapidly narrowing entrance to the
     bay enables a disproportionally long tidal wave to enter, and as it
     becomes narrower and shallower the height necessarily increases. The
     tide, which at the entrance is eighteen feet, rushes with great fury
     up the bay, and swells to the enormous height of sixty feet, and even
     to seventy feet in the highest spring tides. With such velocity does
     it rush up the constantly narrowing bay, that hogs and other animals
     feeding along the shore are frequently overtaken by it.


     45. In what country are nearly all of the clergymen blacksmiths?

     The clergymen of Iceland are so miserably paid that they are generally
     obliged to do the hardest work of day laborers to preserve their
     families from starving. Besides making hay and tending cattle, they
     are all blacksmiths from necessity, and the best horse-shoers on the
     island. The feet of an Iceland horse would be cut to pieces over the
     sharp rocks and lava if not well shod. The church is the great resort
     of the peasantry; and should any of the numerous horses have lost a
     shoe, or be likely to do so, the clergyman dons his apron, lights
     his little charcoal fire in his smithy, one of which is attached to
     every parsonage, and sets the animal on its legs again. The task of
     getting the charcoal is not the least of his labors, for whatever the
     distance may be to the nearest thicket of dwarf birch, he must go
     thither to burn the wood, and bring it home when charred. His hut is
     scarcely better than that of the meanest fisherman; a bed, a rickety
     table, a few chairs, and a chest or two are all his furniture. This
     is, as long as he lives, the condition of the Icelandic clergyman, and
     learning, virtue, and even genius are but too frequently buried under
     this squalid poverty. In no Christian country, perhaps with the sole
     exception of Lapland, are the clergy so poor as in Iceland, but in none
     do they exert a more beneficial influence.


     46. What noted poet’s bald head caused his death?

     The ancient writers are unanimous in regard to the manner of the death
     of Æschylus (525–456 B. C.), the father of the Greek tragic drama. An
     eagle, say they, mistaking the poet’s bald head for a stone, let a
     tortoise fall upon it to break the shell, and so fulfilled an oracle,
     according to which Æschylus was fated to die by a blow from heaven.


     47. Who discovered the Northwest Passage?

     In 1850 an expedition was sent out from England under the command of
     Sir Robert John Le Mesurier McClure, to whom belongs the honor of the
     discovery of this long-sought passage. Having passed through Behring’s
     Strait in August of this year, McClure’s ship, the _Investigator_,
     was ice-bound in the middle of October. A land party from the ship
     discovered the Northwest Passage, Oct. 26, from Mount Observation,
     latitude 73 degrees 30 minutes 39 seconds north; longitude 114
     degrees 39 minutes west. After this discovery the party returned to
     the _Investigator_; but that vessel was not destined herself to
     sail homeward through the passage discovered by her commander. Three
     winters were spent in the ice; but in April, 1853, a relief party on
     board of H. M. S. _Resolute_ appeared, having discovered McClure’s
     whereabouts by means of a cairn left by him in Winter Harbor. Commander
     McClure now resolved to abandon his ship altogether. He reached England
     on Sept. 28, 1854. His first reward was to receive his commission of
     post-captain, dated back to the day of the discovery of the Northwest
     Passage. Shortly afterward he received from her Majesty the honors of
     knighthood, and a reward of £5,000 was voted him by Parliament. Both
     the English and French geographical societies gave him a gold medal.
     A reward of £10,000 was also granted to the officers and crew of the
     _Investigator_, as a token of national approbation of the men who
     had discovered a Northwest Passage from the Pacific to the Atlantic
     Ocean.


     48. Who was the first child born of English parents in New England?

     Peregrine White, son of William White and of his wife Susanna, the
     first child born of English parents in New England, was born on board
     the _Mayflower_ in the harbor of Cape Cod, Nov. 20, 1620. He died
     at Marshfield in 1704.


     49. Who was the “White Lady”?

     A being who, according to popular legend, appears in many of the
     castles of German princes and nobles, by night as well as by day, when
     any important event, whether joyful or sad, but particularly when the
     death of any member of the family is imminent. She is regarded as the
     ancestress of the race, shows herself always in snow-white garments,
     carries a bunch of keys at her side, and sometimes rocks and watches
     over the children at night when their nurses sleep. The earliest
     appearance of this apparition spoken of was in the sixteenth century,
     and was famous under the name of Bertha of Rosenberg (in Bohemia). In
     the castle of Berlin she is said to have been seen in 1628, and again
     in 1840 and 1850.


     50. In what cities are there no elections held?

     Washington and Georgetown, D. C. By the law of 1874 these
     municipalities were abolished, and the elective franchise suppressed
     throughout the District of Columbia. The district is under the control
     of Congress, but has no representatives; and its municipal affairs are
     regulated by three commissioners appointed by the President and Senate.


     51. Which is the “City of the Red Staff”?

     Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It is said that when the place was first
     settled, there was growing on the spot a cypress (the bark of which
     tree is of a reddish color) of immense size and prodigious height,
     entirely free from branches, except at its very top. One of the
     settlers playfully remarked that this tree would make a handsome cane;
     whence the place has since been called Baton Rouge, that is, “red
     staff.”


     52. How many languages are there?

     The various languages, dialects, etc., ancient and modern, are
     estimated to be 3,064. They are distributed as follows: Asiatic, 937;
     European, 587; African, 276; American, 1,264.


     53. What noted physiologist estimated one hundred years as man’s normal
     term of life?

     Marie Jean Pierre Flourens (1794–1867), the celebrated French
     physiologist, asserts, in one of his numerous publications, that
     the normal period of man’s life is one century. It is, he argues, a
     fact in natural history, that the length of each animal’s life is in
     exact proportion to the period the animal takes in growing. Monsieur
     Flourens has ascertained this period, and based upon it the theory that
     it depends on “the union of the bones to their epiphyses. As long,”
     he observes, “as the bones are not united to their epiphyses, the
     animal grows; as soon as the bones are united to their epiphyses, the
     animal ceases to grow.” Now, in man, according to this philosopher,
     the union of the bones and the epiphyses takes place at the age
     of twenty, and that, as among all animals, life is or should be
     prolonged to five times the period they take in attaining their full
     growth, the normal duration of the life of man is consequently one
     century. Applied to domestic animals, this theory appears to be fully
     verified. In the camel, the union of the bones with the epiphyses
     takes place at eight years of age, and the animal lives to be forty,
     in the horse, at five years, and he lives to be twenty-five; in the
     ox, at four years, and he lives to be twenty; in the dog, at two
     years, and he lives to be ten or twelve years. In view of these
     conclusions, Flourens modifies considerably the different stages of
     man’s existence. “I prolong the duration of infancy,” he says, “up to
     ten years, because it is from nine to ten that the second dentition is
     terminated. I prolong adolescence up to twenty years, because it is at
     that age that the development of the bones ceases, and consequently
     the increase of the body in length. I prolong youth up to the age of
     forty, because it is only at that age that the increase of the body
     in bulk terminates. After forty, the body does not grow, properly
     speaking, the augmentation of its volume which then takes place is
     not a veritable organic development, but a simple accumulation of
     fat. After the growth, or, more properly speaking, the development in
     length and bulk has terminated, man enters into what I call the period
     of invigoration, that is, when all our parts become more complete and
     firm, our functions more assured, and the whole organism more perfect.
     This period lasts to sixty-five or seventy years, and then begins old
     age, which lasts for thirty years.” When it was asked of Flourens why
     so few attained to the age of a century, he replied, “Man does not die!
     With our manners, our passions, our torments, he kills himself!”


     54. Who was the “American Pope of Rome”?

     Among the earliest settlers of the District of Columbia was an
     Englishman named Pope, who bought land and named the stream flowing
     through it the Tiber. To the eminence on which the Capitol now stands
     he gave the name of Capitoline Hill. He called his whole plantation
     Rome, and signed himself “Pope of Rome.”


     55. Which was the most deadly epidemic ever known?

     The Black Death, which in the fourteenth century desolated the world.
     It took this name from the black spots, symptomatic of a putrid
     decomposition which at one of its stages appeared upon the skin. Among
     the symptoms may be noticed great imposthumes on the thighs and arms,
     and smaller boils on the arms and face; in many cases black spots all
     over the body; and in some, affections of the head, stupor, and palsy
     of the tongue, which became black as if suffused with blood; burning
     and unshakable thirst; putrid inflammation of the lungs, attended by
     acute pains in the chest, the expectoration of blood, and a fetid,
     pestiferous breath. On the first appearance of the plague in Europe,
     fever, the evacuation of blood, and carbuncular affection of the lungs
     brought death before the other symptoms could be developed; afterwards,
     boils and buboes characterized its fatal course in Europe, as in
     the East. In almost all cases its victims perished in two or three
     days after being attacked. Its spots and tumors were the seals of a
     doom which medicine had no power to avert, and which in despair many
     anticipated by self-slaughter. The precise date of the appearance of
     the plague in China is unknown, but from 1333 till 1348 that great
     country suffered a terrible mortality from droughts, famines, floods,
     earthquakes which swallowed mountains, and swarms of innumerable
     locusts; and in the last few years of that period from the plague.
     During the same time Europe manifested sympathy with the changes
     which affected the East. The theory is, that this great tellurian
     activity, accompanied by the decomposition of vast organic masses,
     myriads of bodies of men, brutes, and locusts, produced some change
     in the atmosphere unfavorable to life; and some writers, speaking
     of the established progress of the plague from east to west, say
     that the impure air was actually visible as it approached with its
     burden of death. In 1340 the Black Death first appeared in Italy. It
     spread throughout Christendom and raged during many years, causing
     unprecedented mortality. Thousands perished in Germany. In London alone
     two hundred persons were buried daily in the Charter House yard in
     1348. The horrors of the time were further heightened by the fearful
     persecutions to which the Jews were subjected, from a popular belief
     that the pestilence was owing to their poisoning the public wells. The
     people rose to exterminate the Hebrew race, of whom, in Mayence alone,
     twelve thousand were cruelly murdered. They were killed by fire and by
     torture wherever they could be found, and for them to the terrors of
     the plague were added those of a populace everywhere infuriated against
     them. In some places the Jewish people immolated themselves in masses;
     in others, not a soul of them survived the assaults of their enemies.
     No adequate notion can be conveyed of these horrors.


     56. What noted national hymn was composed (words and music) in a single
     night?

     The _Marseillaise_, the name by which the grand song of the
     first French Revolution is known. The circumstances which led to its
     composition are as follows: In the beginning of 1792, when a column
     of volunteers was about to leave Strasburg, the mayor of the city, who
     gave a banquet on the occasion, asked an officer of artillery, named
     Rouget de Lisle, to compose a song in their honor. His request was
     complied with, and the result was the _Marseillaise_,--both verse
     and music being the work of a single night. De Lisle entitled the piece
     _Chant de Guerre de l’Armee du Rhin_. Next day it was sung with
     the rapturous enthusiasm that only Frenchmen can exhibit, and instead
     of six hundred volunteers, one thousand marched out of Strasburg. Soon
     from the whole army of the North resounded the thrilling and fiery
     words, “_Aux armes! Aux armes!_” Nevertheless the song was still
     unknown at Paris, and was first introduced there by Barbaroux, when he
     summoned the youth of Marseilles to the capital in July, 1792. It was
     received with transports by the Parisians, who, ignorant of its real
     authorship, named it _Hymne des Marseillais_, which name it has
     ever since borne.


     57. Who was the “Queen of Tears”?

     This name was given to Mary of Modena, the second wife of James II., of
     England. “Her eyes,” says Noble, “became eternal fountains of sorrow
     for that crown her ill policy contributed to lose.”


     58. Who was called the “Bravest of the Brave”?

     The celebrated Marshal Ney (1769–1815) was so called by the French
     troops at Friedland (1807), on account of his fearless bravery. He
     was in command of the right wing, which bore the brunt of the battle,
     and stormed the town. Napoleon as he watched him passing unterrified
     through a storm of balls, exclaimed, “That man is a lion!” and
     henceforth the army styled him, “_Les Braves des Braves._”


     59. What are the different colors used by different nations for
     mourning?

     _Black._ The color of mourning in Europe, also in ancient Greece
     and Rome.

     _Black and White striped._ Expressive of sorrow and hope combined;
     worn by the South Sea Islanders.

     _Grayish Brown._ The color of the earth; worn in Ethiopia.

     _Pale Brown._ The color of withered leaves; worn in Persia.

     _Sky-blue._ Expressive of hope for the deceased; worn in Syria,
     Cappadocia, and Armenia.

     _Deep Blue._ The mourning of Bokhara, in Central Asia; worn also
     by the Romans under the Republic.

     _Purple and Violet._ Denotes royalty; worn for cardinals and the
     kings of France. Violet is the mourning of Turkey.

     _White._ Mourning of China. Henry VIII. wore white for Anne
     Boleyn; until 1498 it was the mourning of Spain.

     _Yellow._ Mourning worn in Egypt and Burmah. Anne Boleyn wore
     yellow for Catherine of Aragon. Yellow may be regarded as a token of
     exaltation.


     60. During which Presidential election did three States not vote? Why?

     This has twice occurred within our history.

     1. In the first election, Washington’s, 1789, North Carolina, Rhode
     Island, and New York did not vote. North Carolina and Rhode Island did
     not vote, because they had not then ratified the Constitution; and New
     York, because it had failed to make provisions for electors.

     2. In the Presidential election of 1868, when Grant was elected for his
     first term, Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas did not vote, as they had
     not been readmited since the Rebellion.


     61. When does a gallon of vinegar weigh more, in summer or in winter?

     A gallon of vinegar weighs more in winter than in summer, because the
     cold causes the vinegar to contract, so that the measure holds more
     than it does in warm weather, when the vinegar is not so dense.


     62. When, where, and by whom was the oath of office administered to
     Washington as President of the United States?

     On the 30th of April, 1789, by Chancellor Robert R. Livingston, in
     Federal Hall, Wall Street, New York.


     63. What city was commonly called the “Mistress of the World”?

     Rome; because it was for centuries the grandest, richest, and most
     populous of European cities, and was regarded as the capital of a kind
     of universal empire.


     64. What was the real name of Pocahontas?

     Her “real name” was Matoax, or Matoaka, but it was rarely uttered, as
     the Indians believed that a knowledge of the real names of persons
     gave their enemies power to cast spells upon them. Pocahontas was her
     household name, by which she was generally called, though she had still
     another name, Amonate.


     65. What Indian chief was made an English peer, and with what title?

     Manteo, the faithful Indian chief, after receiving Christian baptism,
     was, “by the commandment of Sir Walter Raleigh,” invested with the
     rank of baron, and the title, Lord of Roanoke. This was on the 13th of
     August, 1587. Thus even in the American wilderness the vanities of life
     were not forgotten.


     66. What are violet stones?

     This name is given to certain stones found upon high mountains, as in
     Thuringia, upon the Harz Mountains, and the Riesengebirge, which, in
     consequence of being covered with what is called _violet moss_,
     emit a smell like that of violets. They retain this smell for a long
     time, and it is increased by moistening them.


     67. What was the origin of the term “Brother Jonathan”?

     When George Washington, after being appointed commander of the army
     of the Revolutionary War, went to Massachusetts to organize it, and
     make preparations for the defence of the country, he found a great
     want of ammunition and other means necessary to meet the powerful foe
     with whom he had to contend, and great difficulty in obtaining them.
     If attacked in such condition, the cause at once might be hopeless. On
     one occasion, at that anxious period, a consultation of the officers
     and others was had, when it seemed no way could be devised to make
     such preparation as was necessary. His Excellency Jonathan Trumbull,
     the elder, was then governor of Connecticut, and as Washington placed
     the greatest reliance on his judgment and aid, he remarked, “We must
     consult Brother Jonathan on the subject.” He did so, and the governor
     was successful in supplying many of the wants of the army. When
     difficulties afterward arose, and the army was spread over the country,
     it became a by-word, “_We must consult Brother Jonathan._” The
     origin of the expression being soon lost sight of, the name _Brother
     Jonathan_ came to be regarded as the national sobriquet.


     68. What is the national beverage of Japan?

     This beverage is brewed from rice, and is called _saké_. The color
     of the best _saké_ resembles very pale sherry; the taste is rather
     acid. None but the very best grain is used in its manufacture, and the
     principal breweries are Itami, Nada, and Hiôgo, all in the province of
     Setsu.


     69. What was the “Kitchen Cabinet”?

     This name was given to the Hon. Francis P. Blair and to the Hon. Amos
     Kendall, by the opponents of President Jackson’s administration. Blair
     was the editor of the _Globe_, the organ of the president, and
     Kendall was one of the principal contributors to the paper. As it was
     necessary for Jackson to consult frequently with these gentlemen, and
     as, to avoid observation, they were accustomed, when they called upon
     him, to go in by a back door, the Whig party styled them, in derision,
     the _Kitchen Cabinet_, alleging that it was by their advice that
     the President removed so many Whigs from office and put Democrats in
     their place.


     70. When was the first census of the United States taken, and what was
     the population?

     The first census was taken in 1790, and the returns showed a population
     of 3,929,214.


     71. What Vice-President was not elected by the people?

     Richard Mentor Johnson, of Kentucky, in 1837. No candidate for the
     Vice-Presidency received a majority of the electoral votes, and,
     according to the terms of the Constitution, the selection fell upon the
     Senate, who elected Johnson.


     72. What Vice-President did not serve?

     William Rufus King, of Alabama, who was elected in 1852. Owing to his
     poor health, he went to Cuba to spend the winter of 1852–53. The oath
     of office was administered to him there by the American consul, but
     he died April 18, 1853, soon after his return from the island to his
     plantation at Cahawaha, Ala.


     73. When and by whom was the Antarctic Continent discovered?

     On Jan. 16, 1840, by the United States Exploring Expedition, under the
     command of Lieut. Charles Wilkes (1801–1877). The land was first seen
     from the mast-head. This was in latitude 61° 30″ south, and longitude
     161° east. Wilkes traced the coast westward to 101° east, but was
     prevented from landing by an impassable barrier of ice.


     74. What led to the establishment of the “Order of the Garter”?

     The Order of the Garter was instituted by King Edward III. It was one
     of the most famous of the military orders of Europe. Selden says that
     it “exceeds in majesty, honor, and fame all chivalrous orders in the
     world.” It is said to have been devised for the purpose of attracting
     to the king’s party such soldiers of fortune as might be likely to aid
     in asserting the claim which he was then making to the crown of France,
     and to have been intended as an imitation of King Arthur’s Round Table.
     The original number of knights of the garter was twenty-five, his
     Majesty himself making the twenty-sixth. The story that the Countess of
     Salisbury let fall her garter when dancing with the king, and that the
     king picked it up and tied it round his own leg, but that, observing
     the jealous glances of the queen, he restored it to its fair owner,
     with the exclamation, “_Honi soit que mal y pense_” (Evil be to
     him who evil thinks), is about as well authenticated as most tales of
     the kind, and has, moreover, in its favor, that it accounts for the
     otherwise unaccountable emblem and motto of the order.


     75. How do you determine the years covered by a given Congress?

     To determine the years covered by a given Congress, double the number
     of the Congress, and add the product to 1789; the result will be the
     year in which the Congress closed. Thus, the forty-fifth Congress
     equals 90 plus 1789 equals 1879, that being the year which terminated
     the forty-fifth Congress, on the 4th of March. To find the number of a
     Congress sitting in any given year, subtract 1789 from the year; if
     the result is an even number, half that number will give the Congress
     of which the year in question will be the closing year. If the result
     is an odd number, add one to it, and half the result will give the
     Congress, of which the year in question will be the first year.


     76. What town was the birthplace of two Presidents?

     Braintree, Massachusetts, is the only town in the United States which
     can claim this distinction. John Adams and John Quincy Adams were both
     born in this town, in that part which, in 1792, was set off as the town
     of Quincy, where the Adams family still have their summer residence.
     John Hancock was also born in the same town.


     77. Where is the “Cave of the Winds”?

     It lies in behind the cataract of Niagara, midway between the American
     and the Horseshoe Falls. It is fifty feet wide, seventy feet high,
     and thirty feet deep. Visitors, provided with oil-skin dresses and
     attendant guides, make the tour of the cave, which forms an exciting
     and novel amusement.


     78. Give the color and portrait of each of our postage stamps.

          1c. Imperial ultramarine blue, Benjamin Franklin.
          2c. Terra-cotta, George Washington.
          2c. (old). Vermilion, Andrew Jackson.
          3c. Green, George Washington.
          4c. Green, Andrew Jackson.
          5c. Steel, James A. Garfield.
          5c. (old). Blue, Zachary Taylor.
          6c. Red, Abraham Lincoln.
          7c. Vermilion, Edwin M. Stanton.
         10c. Chocolate, Thomas Jefferson.
         12c. Neutral purple, Henry Clay.
         15c. Orange, Daniel Webster.
         24c. Purple, Winfield Scott.
         30c. Black, Alexander Hamilton.
         90c. Carmine, Oliver H. Perry.


     79. Who were the “Nine Worthies”?

     These famous personages, so often alluded to by writers and poets, have
     been counted up in the following manner:

                           { 1. Hector, son of Priam.
         Three Gentiles    { 2. Alexander the Great.
                           { 3. Julius Cæsar.

                           { 4. Joshua, conqueror of Canaan.
         Three Jews        { 5. David, king of Israel.
                           { 6. Judas Maccabæus.

                           { 7. Arthur, king of Britain.
         Three Christians  { 8. Charlemagne.
                           { 9. Godfrey of Bouillon.


     80. Who was the “Father of Ridicule”?

     Francois Rabelais (1495?-1553), the most original and remarkable of all
     humorists, and the first noteworthy comic romancer of modern times,
     is chiefly noted for his great satirical work, _Les Faits et Dicts
     du Geant Gargantua et de son Fils Pantagruel_, which continues to
     take rank as one of the world’s masterpieces of humor and grotesque
     invention. Lord Bacon calls Rabelais “the great jester of France”;
     others have called him a “comic Homer.” More than sixty editions of his
     work have been published.


     81. What did the North American Indians use as money?

     Strings of shells and shell-beads called wampum. There were two kinds:
     _wampumpeag_, which was white, and was made from the conch or
     periwinkle; and _suckanhock_, which was black, or rather purple,
     and was made from the hard-shell clam. The latter was worth twice as
     much as the former. The shell was broken into pieces, rubbed smooth on
     a stone till about the thickness of a pipe-stem, then cut and pierced
     with a drill. It was then strung or made into belts, and served not
     only as money, but also as ornaments.


     82. Who was “Old Hickory”?

     This sobriquet was conferred upon General Andrew Jackson, in 1813,
     by the soldiers under his command. “The name of ‘Old Hickory,’” says
     Parton, “is not an instantaneous inspiration, but a growth. First of
     all, the remark was made by some soldier, who was struck with his
     commander’s pedestrian powers, that the general was ‘tough.’ Next it
     was observed of him that he was ‘tough as hickory.’ Then he was called
     Hickory. Lastly, the affectionate adjective ‘old’ was prefixed, and the
     general thenceforth rejoiced in the completed nickname, usually the
     first-won honor of a great commander.” According to another account,
     the name sprung from his having on one occasion set his men an example
     of endurance by feeding on hickory nuts, when destitute of supplies.


     83. Which is the “City of Elms”?

     This is a familiar denomination of New Haven, Ct., many of the streets
     of which are thickly shaded with lofty elms.


     84. How did the schooner obtain its name?

     The first schooner ever constructed is said to have been built in
     Gloucester, Mass., about the year 1713, by a Capt. Andrew Robinson,
     and to have received its name from the following trivial circumstance.
     When the vessel went off the stocks into the water, a by-stander cried
     out, “Oh, how she _scoons_!” Robinson instantly replied, “A
     _scooner_ let her be”; and, from that time, vessels thus masted
     and rigged have gone by this name. The word _scoon_ is popularly
     used in some parts of New England to denote the act of making stones
     skip along the surface of water.


     85. Who was the “Mill-boy of the Slashes”?

     This nickname was given to Henry Clay, who was born in the neighborhood
     of a place in Hanover County, Va., known as _the Slashes_ (a local
     term for a low, swampy country), where there was a mill, to which he
     was often sent on errands when a boy.


     86. What was the origin of “Honeymoon”?

     The term “honeymoon” is of Teutonic origin, and is said to be derived
     from a luxurious drink prepared with honey by the ancients. It was the
     custom to drink of diluted honey for thirty days, or a moon’s age,
     after a wedding feast.


     87. What was the origin of the expression “Printer’s Devil”?

     Aldus Manutius (1449–1515), the celebrated Venetian printer and
     publisher, had a small black slave whom the superstitious believed
     to be an emissary of Satan. To satisfy the curious, one day he said
     publicly in church, “I, Aldus Manutius, printer to the Holy Church,
     have this day made public exposure of the printer’s devil. All who
     think he is not flesh and blood, come and pinch him.” Hence in Venice
     arose the somewhat curious sobriquet of the “printer’s devil.”


     88. Who were the “Seven Sleepers”?

     According to a very widely diffused legend of early Christianity, seven
     noble youths of Ephesus, in the time of the Decian persecution, who
     fled to a certain cavern for refuge, and were pursued, discovered, and
     walled in for a cruel death, were made to fall asleep, and in that
     state were miraculously kept for almost two centuries. Their names are
     said to have been Maximian, Malchus, Martinian, Denis, John, Serapion,
     and Constantine. The legend, in speaking of their death, said,
     following the usual form, that they had fallen asleep in the Lord.
     The vulgar took occasion thence to say that these holy martyrs were
     not dead; that they had been hid in the cavern, where they had fallen
     asleep; and that they at last awoke, to the great astonishment of the
     spectators. Such is the origin of the legend of the Seven Sleepers.
     At Ephesus the spot is still shown where this pretended miracle took
     place. As a dog had accompanied these seven martyrs into their retreat,
     he has been made to share the celebrity of his masters, and is fabled
     to have remained standing all the time they slept, without eating or
     drinking, being wholly occupied with guarding their persons. The Church
     has consecrated the 27th of June to their memory. The Koran relates the
     tale of the Seven Sleepers, and declares that out of respect for them
     the sun altered his course twice a day that he might shine into the
     cavern.


     89. Who were the “Seven Wise Men of Greece”?

     These men, who lived in the sixth century B. C., were distinguished for
     their practical sagacity and their wise maxims or principles of life.
     Their names are variously given, but those most generally admitted to
     the honor are Solon, Chilo, Pittacus, Bias, Periander (in place of whom
     some give Epimenides), Cleobulus, and Thales. They were the authors of
     the celebrated mottoes inscribed in later days in the Delphian temple:
     Know thyself (_Solon_); Consider the end (_Chilo_); Know
     thy opportunity (_Pittacus_); Most men are bad (_Bias_);
     Nothing is impossible to industry (_Periander_); Avoid excess
     (_Cleobulus_); Suretyship is the precursor of ruin (_Thales_).


     90. Who were the “Seven Champions of Christendom”?

     St. George, the patron saint of England; St. Denis, of France; St.
     James, of Spain; St. Anthony, of Italy; St. Andrew, of Scotland; St.
     Patrick, of Ireland; and St. David, of Wales.


     91. What were the “Seven Wonders of the World”?

     These very remarkable objects of the ancient world have been variously
     enumerated. The following classification is the one most generally
     received: 1. The Pyramids of Egypt; 2. The Pharos of Alexandria; 3.
     The Walls and Hanging Gardens of Babylon; 4. The Temple of Diana at
     Ephesus; 5. The Statue of the Olympian Jupiter; 6. The Mausoleum of
     Artemisia; 7. The Colossus of Rhodes.


     92. What was the “Wicked Bible”?

     This name was given to an edition of the Bible published in 1632 by
     Barker & Lucas, because the word _not_ was omitted in the Seventh
     Commandment. The printers were called before the High Commission, fined
     heavily, and the whole impression destroyed.


     93. Why does a dog turn round several times before he lies down?

     The dog belongs to the same genus as the wolf, fox, etc., and
     originally made his home in the forests and jungles. In preparing his
     lair in these places, nature prompted him to turn round several times
     in order to arrange the grass or weeds, and bend them from his body
     before he lay down. In his domesticated state he has not yet overcome
     this early prompting of nature.


     94. Who were the first paper-makers?

     Wasps. Their nest is made of a paper-like substance, which is merely
     wood reduced to a paste by the action of the jaws of the insects, and
     this, put into the required form, is left to dry: essentially the same
     thing that our paper manufacturers are doing by other processes and on
     a larger scale in their mills to-day.


     95. How does the Red Sea get its color?

     The reddish appearance of the waters of this sea is due to the
     prevalence of a minute bright red plant, which is a kind of sea-weed.
     This plant is said to be so small that twenty-five millions of them
     can live and thrive in one square inch. From it is made a beautiful
     red dye, which tradition says was used hundreds of years ago. In some
     places, where the weed is not found, the waters are blue or green. To
     the Hebrews it was known as _Yam Sûph_, the sea of weeds or sedge.


     96. What was the Parthenopean Republic?

     This was the name given to the state into which the kingdom of
     Naples was transformed by the French Republicans, Jan. 23, 1799, and
     which lasted only till the following June. The name is derived from
     Parthenope, an ancient name for Naples.


     97. What is the origin of the names of the months?

     January is derived from _Janus_, the god of the year, to whom this
     month was sacred.

     February is from _Februus_, an old Italian divinity, or from
     _Februa_, the Roman festival of expiation, celebrated on the 15th
     of this month. January and February were added to the Roman calendar by
     Numa, Romulus having previously divided the year into ten months.

     March is from _Mars_, the god of war, and reputed father of
     Romulus. It was the first month of the Roman calendar.

     April is from the Latin _Aperire_, to open, from the opening of
     the buds, or the bosom of the earth in producing vegetation.

     May is from _Maia_, the mother of Mercury, to whom the Romans
     offered sacrifices on the first day of this month.

     June is from _Juno_, the sister and wife of Jupiter, to whom this
     month was sacred.

     July was named by Mark Antony after _Julius Cæsar_, who was born
     in this month. It was previously called _Quintilis_, the fifth
     month.

     August was named after _Augustus Cæsar_, on account of several
     of the most fortunate events of his life having occurred during this
     month. It was formerly _Sextilis_, or sixth month.

     September is from the Latin _septem_, seven, because it was
     originally the seventh month.

     October, formerly the eighth month, is formed from the Latin
     _octo_, eight.

     November is from the Latin _novem_, nine, as this month was
     originally the ninth month.

     December is from the Latin _decem_, ten, as it was formerly the
     tenth and last month of the Roman calendar.


     98. What was the origin of the names of the days of the week?

     As the names of the months were all derived from the Romans, so the
     names of the days of the week come to us from the Saxons.

     Sunday takes its name from the sun, which was one of the principal
     objects of worship.

     Monday is so called after the moon, also an ancient object of worship.

     Tuesday is so called from _Tiu_ or _Tiw_, the son of Odin,
     and the old Saxon god of war and of fame.

     Wednesday derives its name from _Woden_, or _Odin_, the god
     of battle, and the chief god of the Northern mythology.

     Thursday is so styled from _Donar_, or _Thor_, who, as god of
     the air, had much in common with the Roman Jupiter, to whom the same
     day was dedicated.

     Friday is named from _Frigga_, the wife of Odin and the mother of
     all the deities.

     Saturday is named from _Saterne_, or _Saturn_, to whom the
     day was consecrated.


     99. What year is 1886 by the Jewish calendar?

     The year 5646 of the Jewish era began Sept. 10, 1885, and will continue
     385 days, as it is an embolismic year. The Jewish calendar is dated
     from the creation, which is considered to have taken place 3760 years
     and three months before the commencement of the Christian era. The year
     is luni-solar, and, according as it is ordinary or embolismic, consists
     of twelve or thirteen lunar months, each of which has twenty-nine or
     thirty days. Thus the duration of the ordinary year is 354 days, and
     that of the embolismic year is 384 days. In either case it is sometimes
     made a day more, and sometimes a day less, in order that certain
     festivals may fall on proper days of the week for their due observance.
     The following table gives the names of their months and the number of
     days in each:--


     HEBREW MONTHS.

         =========+===========+=============
           Month. | Ordinary. | Embolismic.
         ---------+-----------+-------------
         Tisri    |    30     |     30
         Hesvan   |    29+[1] |     29+
         Kislev   |    30--[1]|     30--
         Tebet    |    29     |     29
         Sebat    |    30     |     30
         Adar     |    29     |     30
         Veadar   |   (--)[2] |    (29)
         Nisan    |    30     |     30
         Yiar     |    29     |     29
         Sivan    |    30     |     30
         Tamuz    |    29     |     29
         Ab       |    30     |     30
         Elul     |    29     |     29
         ---------|-----------|-----------
           Total  |   354     |    384
         =================================

         [1] The signs + and -- are respectively annexed to Hesvan and
     Kislev to indicate that the former of these may sometimes require to
     have one day more, and the latter one day less, than the number of days
     shown in the table.

         [2] The intercalary month, Veadar, is introduced in embolismic
     years in order that Passover, the 15th day of Nisan, may be kept at its
     proper season, which is the full moon of the vernal equinox, or that
     which takes place after the sun has entered the sign Aries.

     The following table shows when Tisri 1, the Jewish New-Year, occurs for
     each of the next five years by our calendar.

         Tisri 1, 5647 == September 30, 1886.
             „    5648 ==     „     19, 1887.
             „    5649 ==     „      6, 1888.
             „    5650 ==     „     26, 1889.
             „    5651 ==     „     15, 1890.


     100. What was the name of the penitent thief?

     St. Dismas is the name which Romish tradition has attached to the “good
     thief.” He is represented with a cross beside him.


     101. What was the origin of the term “halcyon days”?

     The seven days which precede and the seven days which follow the
     shortest day were, by the ancients, called halcyon days, on account
     of the fable that, during this time, while the halcyon bird, or
     kingfisher, was breeding, there always prevailed calms at sea. From
     this the phrase “halcyon days” has come to signify times of peace and
     tranquillity.


     102. Who was the “Christ of India”?

     Buddha Gautama (624–543 B. C.), the reputed founder of Buddhism, has
     been so termed. He was of ascetic habits, till, tempted by his father,
     he abandoned himself to every pleasure. Afterward he renounced the
     world, and as a result of long study and bodily maceration, discovered
     that non-sentient repose is the highest good attainable by the pure and
     the just.


     103. What religious sect anoint the sick with oil, depending upon this
     unction and prayer, and rejecting the use of medicine?

     The Tunkers are found widely scattered throughout the northern and
     middle parts of the United States, but are nowhere numerous. They were
     recently estimated to have over five hundred churches and some fifty
     thousand members. The name which they take for themselves is simply
     that of Brethren, and they profess that their association is founded on
     the principle of brotherly love. The name Tunkers is of German origin,
     signifying Dippers, and is due to their dipping in baptism. They
     anoint their sick with oil, depending upon this unction and prayer for
     their recovery, and rejecting the use of medicine. They do not insist
     upon celibacy as an absolute rule; but they commend it as a virtue,
     and discourage marriage. Chiefly engaged in agriculture, they are
     industrious and honest, and universally held in good repute among their
     neighbors.

     Sole dependence upon prayer is the characteristic also of a small
     religious sect of which a few members are to be found in England,
     calling themselves the _Peculiar People_.

     In Switzerland, the name of Dorothea Trudel, who died in 1862, was long
     famous for the cure of ailments by prayers.


     104. What noted sage advocated the doctrine that virtue was
     intellectual, a necessary consequence of knowledge; while vice was
     ignorance, and akin to madness?

     This was the fundamental doctrine of the philosophy of Socrates, the
     Athenian philosopher (469–399 B. C.). Knowledge, virtue, and happiness
     he held to be inseparable. His religious doctrines culminated in the
     conception of the Deity as the author of the harmony of nature and the
     laws of morals, revealed only in his works, and of the soul as a divine
     and immortal being, resembling the Deity in respect to reason and
     invisible energy.


     105. What palace in an ancient city contains five hundred rooms?

     The Palazzo Imperiale, at Mantua, Italy, contains five hundred rooms,
     whose choicest embellishment consists in the glorious paintings and
     exquisite designs of the great Mantuan artist, Giulio Romano.


     106. What was the “most useful conquest ever made by man”?

     Baron Cuvier, the most eminent naturalist, says of the dog: “It is
     the completest, the most singular, and the most useful conquest ever
     made by man.” This conquest was made long before the dawn of history.
     Cuvier has also asserted that the dog was, perhaps, necessary for the
     establishment of human society. Though this may not be apparent in the
     most highly civilized communities, a moment’s reflection will convince
     us that barbarous nations owe much of their elevation above the brute
     to the possession of the dog.


     107. When was the first blood shed in the Revolution?

     In the conflict known as the “Boston Massacre,” between the
     British soldiers and the citizens of Boston, March 5, 1770. Two
     Americans--Samuel Gray and James Caldwell--and a half-breed Indian
     negro--Crispus Attucks--were killed, and eight citizens were wounded,
     two of them mortally,--an Irishman named Carr, and Maverick, an
     American.


     108. What remarkable fish is found only in Lake Baikal?

     The golomynka, the only known species of its genus, which belongs to
     the goby family. It is about a foot long, is destitute of scales, and
     is very soft, its whole substance abounding in oil, which is obtained
     from it by pressure. It is never eaten.


     109. Who was inventor of the most perfect alphabet ever devised for any
     language?

     George Guess, or Sequoyah, a half-breed Cherokee Indian (1770–1843),
     invented, in 1826, a syllabic alphabet of the Cherokee language, which
     consisted of eighty-five characters, each representing a single sound
     in the language. This is said to be the most perfect alphabet ever
     devised for any language. For the characters he used, as far as they
     went, those which he found in an English spelling-book, although he
     knew no language except his own. A newspaper called the _Phœnix_
     was established, a part of it printed in Cherokee, using the alphabet
     of Guess. A part of the New Testament was also printed in this
     character. Guess was not a Christian, and is said to have regretted his
     invention when he found it was used for this purpose.


     110. Who was the “Little Giant”?

     This was a popular sobriquet conferred upon Stephen Arnold Douglass
     (1813–1861), a distinguished American statesman, in allusion to the
     disparity between his physical and his intellectual proportions.


     111. Which was the grandest funeral pageant ever known?

     That of Alexander the Great. For two years after his death the body
     was deposited at Babylon, while preparations were being made for the
     march to Egypt. At length all was ready, and the grandest funeral
     pageant ever witnessed on earth started on the long march of over one
     thousand miles from Babylon to Alexandria. Over a year was occupied
     in this journey. The accounts of the splendor and magnificence of the
     golden car that bore his body are almost incredible. The spokes and
     naves of the wheels were overlaid with gold, and the extremities of the
     axles, where they appeared outside at the centre of the wheels, were
     adorned with massive golden ornaments. Upon the wheels and axle-trees
     was supported a platform twelve feet wide and eighteen feet long, upon
     which was erected a magnificent pavilion supported by Ionic columns,
     and profusely ornamented, both within and without, with purple and
     gold. The interior of this pavilion was resplendent with precious
     stones and gems. Upon the back of the platform was placed a throne,
     profusely carved and gilded, and hung with crowns representing the
     various nations over which Alexander had ruled. At the foot of the
     throne was the coffin, made of solid gold, and containing, besides
     the body, a large quantity of the most costly spices and aromatic
     perfumes, which filled the air with fragrance. Between the coffin
     and throne were laid the arms of Alexander. On the four sides of the
     carriage were _basso-relievos_, representing Alexander himself,
     with various military concomitants. There were the Macedonian columns,
     the squadrons of Persia, the elephants of India, troops of horses, etc.
     Around the car was a fringe of golden lace, to the pendants of which
     were attached bells, which tolled continually with a mournful sound as
     the carriage moved along. This ponderous car was drawn by a long column
     of sixty-four mules, in sets of four, all selected for their great
     size and strength, and richly caparisoned. Their collars and harnesses
     were mounted with gold and enriched with precious stones. A large army
     of workmen kept at a considerable distance in advance, repairing the
     roads, strengthening the bridges, and removing all obstacles along the
     entire line.


     112. What is the “oft-quoted epitaph” composed by Franklin?

     “THE BODY OF BENJAMIN FRANKLIN, PRINTER, LIKE THE COVER OF AN OLD
     BOOK, _its contents torn out, and stripped of its lettering and
     gilding, lies here food for worms_. Yet the work itself shall not be
     lost; for it will, as he believed, appear once more in a new and more
     beautiful edition, corrected and amended by the Author.”


     113. Which is the largest stationary engine in the world?

     The largest stationary engine in the world is at the famous zinc mines
     at Friedensville, Pennsylvania. It is known as the “President,” and
     there is no pumping engine in the world that can be compared with the
     monster. The number of gallons of water raised every minute is 17,500.
     The driving-wheels are thirty-five feet in diameter, and weigh forty
     tons each. The sweep-rod is forty feet long, the cylinder one hundred
     and ten inches in diameter, and the piston-rod eighteen inches in
     diameter, with a ten-foot stroke.


     114. What was the origin of “pin-money”?

     “Pin-money” is a term applied to a lady’s allowance of money for her
     own personal expenditure. Long after the invention of pins, in the
     fourteenth century, they were very costly, and the maker was allowed to
     sell them in open shop only on the 1st and 2d of January. It was then
     that the ladies of the court and city dames flocked to the stores to
     buy them, having been first provided with the requisite money by their
     husbands. When pins became common and cheap, the ladies spent their
     allowance on other fancies, but the term “pin-money” remained in vogue.


     115. Why are our Presidents inaugurated on the 4th of March?

     The reason why the 4th of March is the day on which our Presidents are
     always inaugurated is that the Continental Congress appointed the first
     Wednesday in January, 1789, for the people to choose electors; the
     first Wednesday in February for those electors to choose a President;
     and the first Wednesday in March for the government to go into
     operation under the new Constitution. The last-named day, in 1789, fell
     on the 4th of March; hence, the 4th of March following the election of
     a President is the day appointed for his inauguration. By the act of
     1792, it was provided that the Presidential term of four years should
     commence on the 4th of March. By the amendment to the Constitution made
     in 1804, if the House of Representatives should not elect a President
     by the 4th of March, the Vice-President becomes President. The 4th
     of March is thus virtually made, by the Constitution as well as by
     statute, the day when a new Presidential term begins.


     116. What was the origin of the word “tariff”?

     On the coast of Spain, just outside the Straits of Gibraltar, there
     is an island called Tarifa. When the Moors had possession of Spain,
     they established a custom-house upon it. The taxes were fixed by the
     collector. Every vessel passing through the straits in either direction
     was brought to and robbed of as much as this collector saw fit. If
     the captain delivered up about fifteen per cent of his cargo, or paid
     its equivalent in money, he was allowed to go in peace. If he proved
     stubborn, his vessel and cargo were confiscated. Generally, however,
     no resistance was offered. When the vessel arrived at the port of
     discharge, her owner assessed the loss on the purchasers of the goods.
     Hence all money collected on cargoes is called a tariff, from the
     island whence the custom was first started.


     117. What newspaper is called “The Thunderer”?

     The London _Times_. This name was originally given to it on
     account of the powerful articles contributed to its columns by the
     editor, Edward Sterling.


     118. Who was the “Man of Destiny”?

     This appellation was conferred on Napoleon Bonaparte, who believed
     himself to be a chosen instrument of Destiny, and that his actions
     were governed by some occult and supernatural influence.


     119. What was the origin of “catch-penny”?

     This term originated in London, in 1824, just after the execution of
     Thurtell for the murder of Weare. A publisher made a great deal of
     money from the sale of Thurtell’s “last dying speech.” When the sale of
     this speech fell off, a second edition was advertised, headed, “_We
     are_ alive again!” with little space between the first two words.
     These two words the people took for the name of the murdered man,
     reading it, “_Weare_ alive again!” A large edition was rapidly
     sold. Some one called it a “catch-penny,” and the word rapidly spread
     until it came into general use.


     120. Where is there an underground river in the United States?

     There are two underground rivers--the Echo and the Styx--in the Mammoth
     Cave, Kentucky. The Echo is about three fourths of a mile long, two
     hundred feet wide at some points, and from ten to forty feet deep.
     It is crossed by boats. Its course is beneath an arched ceiling of
     smooth rock, varying in height from ten to thirty-five feet, and
     famous for its musical reverberations; not a distinct echo, but a
     harmonious prolongation of sound for from ten to thirty seconds after
     the original tone is produced. The long vault has a certain key-note
     of its own, which, when struck, excites harmonics, including tones
     of incredible depth and sweetness. The Styx is much smaller than the
     Echo. It is about four hundred and fifty feet long, from fifteen to
     forty feet wide, and from thirty to forty feet deep. It is spanned by
     an interesting natural bridge about thirty feet above it. Both these
     streams have an invisible communication with Green River, the depth of
     the water and direction of the current in them being regulated by the
     stage of water in the latter stream. In the waters of both streams are
     found a blind fish (_Amblyopsis speleans_) of an almost pure white
     color.


     121. Who was the first martyr to American liberty?

     Thomas Hansford, one of the leading participants of Bacon’s Rebellion,
     is generally accredited with this honor. After the failure of the
     rebellion, he was captured at the house of a young lady to whom he
     was paying his addresses, taken to Accomac, and hung as a rebel, by
     Berkeley, the royal governor, in spite of his prayer that he might be
     “shot like a soldier.” This was Nov. 13, 1676.

     This name has also been applied to Christopher Snider, a boy eleven
     years of age, who was killed in a mob in Boston, Feb. 22, 1770.


     122. Who was the author of “Curfew must not Ring To-night”?

     This exquisite poem was written in April, 1867, by Miss Rosa Hartwick,
     now Mrs. Edward C. Thorpe. She resides at Litchfield, Michigan. She
     was in her seventeenth year when she wrote the poem. She has written
     others, but none so fine or so famous as this. It is founded on an
     incident in English history. Basil Underwood was a young man in the
     time of the Protectorate, and his only crime seems to have been
     unswerving loyalty to the king. The maiden pleaded in vain for a
     reprieve from the judges. They would not delay the execution even
     until Cromwell should arrive. After her fruitless appeal to the
     judges, she returns to the old sexton, and it is at this point that the
     poem takes up the story.


     123. Who was “Mother Goose”?

     “Mother Goose,” from whom the popular nursery rhymes were named, was
     not an imaginary personage. She belonged to a wealthy family in Boston,
     Mass., where she was born and resided for many years. Her eldest
     daughter, Elizabeth Goose, was married to a printer named Fleet, and
     when a son was born to them, the grandmother spent all her time nursing
     him and singing the songs and ditties she had heard in her younger
     days. This greatly annoyed her son-in-law, who vainly tried in every
     way to make her desist. He then conceived and carried out the idea
     of collecting these ditties and publishing them in book form, giving
     the edition the title of “Songs for the Nursery; or, Mother Goose’s
     Melodies for Children.” The adoption of this title was originally in
     derision of his mother-in-law; but it became so well known and liked,
     that now there are few boys or girls who do not revel in the delights
     of the old lady’s melodies and rhymes.


     124. What king said “I am the state”?

     This was the famous saying of Louis XIV. (1638–1715), king of France,
     and it expresses the principle to which everything was accommodated.
     In the zenith of his career all Europe feared him; and his own nation
     had been brought by tyranny, skilful management, and military glory to
     regard him with Asiatic humility. Under his absolute sway all remnants
     of political independence were swept away. Even the courts of justice
     yielded to the absolute sway of the monarch, who interfered at pleasure
     with the ordinary course of law.


     125. What was the origin of the word “Mississippi”?

     “Its original spelling,” says the “Magazine of American History,” “and
     the nearest approach to the Algonquin word, ‘the father of waters,’ is
     Meche Sepe, a spelling still commonly used by the Louisiana Creoles.
     Tonti suggested Miche Sepe, which is somewhat nearer the present
     spelling. Father Laval still further modernized it into Michispi,
     which another father, Labatt, softened into Misisipi. The only changes
     since have been to overload the word with consonants. Marquette added
     the first and some other explorer the second _s_, making it
     Mississipi, and so it remains in France to this day, with only one
     _p_. The man who added the other has never been discovered, but he
     must have been an American, for at the time of the Louisiana purchase
     the name was generally spelled in the colony with a single _p_.”


     126. What was the “O Grab Me Act”?

     The _Embargo Act_ passed by Congress, Dec. 21, 1807. By its
     provisions all American vessels were detained in the ports of the
     United States. The object was, by cutting off commercial intercourse
     with France and Great Britain, to compel them to recognize the rights
     of American neutrality. The act was the subject of much ridicule. The
     opponents of the measure, spelling the word backward, called it the
     “O Grab Me Act”. The measure was of little avail; and after fourteen
     months it was repealed.


     127. Who was “the learned tailor”?

     Henry Wild (1684–1764). He acquired some knowledge of Greek and Latin
     at the grammar school of his native town, Norwich, England, after which
     he worked fourteen years at his trade. Then, during a long sickness,
     he amused himself by reading some volumes of controversial theology
     abounding in quotations from the Bible in the original Hebrew. This led
     him to devote his spare time for several years to the study of Hebrew,
     and afterward of Chaldee, Syriac, Arabic, and Persian, in all of which
     he became proficient.


     128. Where is the “Water Volcano”?

     The _Volcan de Agua_, or “Water Volcano,” is a huge mountain in
     Central America, noted for emitting torrents of boiling water which
     have twice destroyed the town of Guatemala. It is of a conical shape
     and rises fifteen thousand feet above the level of the sea. In close
     proximity are the volcanoes of Pacaya, on the southeast, and Fuego, on
     the west; and the three together present a scene of great magnificence.


     129. Which is the brightest star visible?

     Sirius, or the Dog-star, of the constellation _Canus Major_, or the
     “Great Dog.” Sir John Herschel estimates its light as exceeding more
     than twofold that of _Canopus_, the second star in brilliancy, and
     more than fourfold that of _Alpha Centauri_, the third, whose light
     the same astronomer takes as the standard for stars of the first
     magnitude. Sirius is about one hundred and twenty-three billions of
     miles distant from the earth. By photometric measurement it has been
     shown that, supposing the intensity of the sun’s light for unit of
     surface to equal that of Sirius, it would require four hundred suns at
     the distance of Sirius to send us the light that star does; and our sun
     at the distance of Sirius would appear less than a star of the sixth
     magnitude, and be invisible to the naked eye.


     130. Who originated our decimal coinage?

     Our decimal coinage was devised by Thomas Jefferson. Two years before
     Governeur Morris, a clerk in the office of his uncle, Robert Morris,
     had conceived the idea of applying the decimal system to the notation
     of money. The details of the system devised by Morris were so cumbrous
     and awkward as almost to neutralize the simplicity of the leading idea.
     Jefferson rescued the fine original conception by proposing our present
     system of dollars and cents, which was adopted by Congress in 1785.


     131. Where is the sacred well from which Hagar is said to have drawn
     water for her son Ishmael?

     According to Mohammedan tradition, the Zamzam, the sacred well in the
     Great Mosque, at Mecca, is the source from which Hagar drew water for
     her son Ishmael (Gen. xxi. 19). This is, of course, pure invention;
     and, indeed, the legend tells that the well was long covered up and
     rediscovered by Abd-el-Muttalib, the grandfather of the prophet.
     Sacred wells are peculiar to Semitic sanctuaries, and Islam, retaining
     the well, made a quasi Biblical story for it, and endowed its tepid
     waters with miraculous curative virtues. They are eagerly drunk by the
     pilgrims, and when poured over the body are held to give a miraculous
     refreshment after the fatigues of religious exercise. The manufacture
     of bottles or jars for carrying the water to distant countries is a
     considerable industry. Ibu Jubair mentions a curious superstition of
     the Meccans, who believed that the water rose in the shaft at the full
     moon of the month Sha’bán. On this occasion a great crowd, especially
     of young people, thronged round the well with shouts of religious
     enthusiasm, while the servants of the well dashed buckets of water over
     their heads.


     132. Who was the “Wagoner Boy”?

     Thomas Corwin (1794–1865), a distinguished American statesman. While
     Corwin was yet a lad, Harrison and his army were on the northern
     frontier, almost destitute of provisions, and a demand was made on
     the patriotism of the people to furnish the necessary subsistence.
     The elder Corwin loaded a wagon with supplies which was delivered by
     his son, who remained with the army during the rest of the campaign,
     and who is said to have proved himself “a good whip and an excellent
     reinsman.”


     133. Who explored the Mississippi River with La Salle?

     The Chevalier Henry de Tonty (1650–1704), an Italian explorer. He
     was the son of Lorenzo de Tonty, who is famous as the inventor of
     the tontine system of association. In 1678 he accompanied La Salle
     to Canada, and then in his exploration of the Mississippi. La Salle
     left him in command of a fort near Peoria. He twice descended the
     Mississippi to its mouth in search of La Salle, and a third and last
     time to meet Iberville; after which he remained in that region and died
     at Fort Louis (now Mobile) in September, 1704. He wrote a memoir of
     La Salle’s voyage, which has been translated and published in English
     under the title “Account of M. de la Salle’s last Expedition and
     Discoveries in North America.”


     134. Who was the “Ancient Mariner”?

     He is the hero of Coleridge’s poem of the same name, who, for the
     crime of having shot an albatross, a bird of good omen to voyagers,
     suffers dreadful penalties, together with his companions, who have
     made themselves accomplices in his crime. These penalties are at last
     remitted in consequence of his repentance. He reaches land, where he
     encounters a hermit, to whom he relates his story,--

         “Since then, at an uncertain hour,
               The agony returns,”--

     and drives him on, like the Wandering Jew, from land to land, compelled
     to relate the tale of his suffering and crime as a warning to others,
     and as a lesson of love and charity towards all God’s creatures. The
     conception of this poem, and the mystical imagery of the skeleton ship,
     are said by Dyce to have been borrowed by Coleridge from a friend who
     had experienced a strange dream.


     135. What was the “Flying Dutchman”?

     This is the name given by sailors to a spectral ship, which is supposed
     to cruise in storms off the Cape of Good Hope, and the sight of which
     is considered the worst of all possible omens. She is distinguished
     from earthly vessels by bearing a press of sail when all others are
     unable, from stress of weather, to show an inch of canvas. The cause
     of her wandering is variously explained. According to one account, a
     Dutch captain, bound home from the Indies, met with long-continued
     head-winds and heavy weather off the Cape of Good Hope, and refused
     to put back as he was advised to do, swearing a very profane oath
     that he would beat round the Cape, if he had to beat there until the
     Day of Judgment. He was taken at his word, and doomed to beat against
     head winds all his days. His sails are believed to have become thin
     and sere, his ship-sides white with age, and himself and crew reduced
     almost to shadows. He cannot heave to or lower a boat, but sometimes
     hails vessels through his trumpet, and requests them to take letters
     home for him. Dr. John Leyden, who introduces the story of the Flying
     Dutchman into his “Scenes of Infancy,” imputes with poetical ingenuity
     the doom of the ship to its having been the first to engage in the
     slave-trade. But the common tradition is, as stated by Sir Walter
     Scott, “that she was originally a vessel loaded with great wealth, on
     board of which some horrid act of murder and piracy had been committed;
     that the plague broke out among the wicked crew, and that they sailed
     in vain from port to port, offering, as a price of shelter, the whole
     of their ill-gotten wealth; that they were excluded from every harbor,
     and that, as a punishment of their crimes, the apparition of the ship
     still continues to haunt those seas in which the catastrophe took
     place.” The superstition has its origin, probably, in the looming,
     or apparent suspension in the air, of some ship out of sight,--a
     phenomenon sometimes witnessed at sea, and caused by unequal refraction
     in the lower strata of the atmosphere.


     136. What was the “Banshee”?

     In the popular superstitions of the Irish and the Scotch, the Banshee,
     or Benshie, was an invisible being, supposed to announce by mournful
     presence and voice the approaching death of members of certain ancient
     houses. It was said that, on the decease of a hero, the harps of
     his bards voluntarily emitted mournful sounds. In later times it
     was popularly supposed that each family had its banshee, which gave
     warnings of misfortune, or haunted the scenes of past troubles.


     137. What was the “Irish Night”?

     This was a night of agitation and terror in London after the flight of
     James II., occasioned by an unfounded report that the Irish Catholics
     of Feversham’s army had been let loose to murder the Protestant
     population, men, women, and children.


     138. Which is the “Keystone State”?

     The State of Pennsylvania is so called from its having been the central
     State of the Union at the time of the formation of the Constitution. If
     the names of the thirteen original States are arranged in the form of
     an arch, Pennsylvania will occupy the place of the keystone.


     139. What was the origin of “Lynch Law”?

     This term is usually alleged to be derived from one John Lynch, who
     lived in what is now the Piedmont district of Virginia, at the time
     when that district was the western frontier of the State, and when, on
     account of the distance from the courts of law, it was customary to
     refer the adjustment of disputes to men of known character and judgment
     in the neighborhood. This man became so eminent by reason of the wisdom
     and impartiality of his decisions, that he was known throughout the
     country as “Judge Lynch.” According to another account, the term is
     derived from Col. Charles Lynch, a brother of the founder of Lynchburg,
     Va., who was an officer of the American Revolution. His residence
     was on the Staunton, in Campbell County. At that time the country
     was thinly settled, and infested by a lawless band of tories and
     desperadoes. The necessity of the case involved desperate measures, and
     Colonel Lynch, then a leading Whig, apprehended and had them punished
     without any superfluous legal ceremony. A third account derives the
     term from one James Lynch Fitz Stephen, a merchant of Galway, and
     in 1526 its mayor. His son having been convicted of murder, he,
     Brutus-like, sentenced him to death, and, fearing a rescue, caused him
     to be brought home and hanged before his own door. Another writer has
     suggested that the origin of the term is to be found in the provincial
     English word _linch_, to beat or maltreat. If this were admitted,
     Lynch law would then be simply equivalent to “club law.”


     140. Who was the “Maid of Saragossa”?

     This appellation was bestowed upon Augustina Zaragosa, a young Spanish
     woman, distinguished for her heroism during the defence of Saragossa in
     1808–1809. She first attracted notice by mounting a battery where her
     lover had fallen, and working a gun in his place. Byron has celebrated
     her in the first canto of his “Childe Harold.”


     141. What was the origin of “quiz”?

     Daly, the manager of a Dublin play-house, laid a wager that a new word
     of no meaning should be the common talk and puzzle of the city in
     twenty-four hours. In consequence of this, the letters _q_, _u_, _i_,
     _z_ were chalked by him on all the walls of Dublin, with an effect that
     won the wager.


     142. Who was the “Rail Splitter”?

     This popular designation was given to Abraham Lincoln (1809–1865), the
     sixteenth President of the United States, who is said to have supported
     himself for one winter, in early life, by splitting rails for a farmer.


     143. What is the origin of the phrase “Before one could say Jack
     Robinson”?

     This saying, used to express a very short time, is said by Grose to
     have originated from a very volatile gentleman of that appellation,
     who would call on his neighbors and be gone before his name could be
     announced. The following lines “from an old play” are elsewhere given
     as the original phrase:--

         “A warke it ys as easie to be doone,
         As tys to saye, Jacke! robys on.”


     144. Who was “St. Tammany”?

     This Indian chief has been _popularly_ canonized as a saint, and
     adopted as the tutelary genius of one branch of the Democratic party.
     Tammany was of the Delaware nation, and lived probably in the middle
     of the seventeenth century. He resided in the country which is now
     Delaware until he was of age, when he moved beyond the Alleghenies,
     and settled on the banks of the Ohio. He became a chief sachem of his
     tribe, and, being always a friend of the whites, often restrained his
     warriors from deeds of violence. His rule was always discreet, and he
     endeavored to induce his followers to cultivate agriculture and the
     arts of peace rather than those of war. When he became old he called a
     council to have a successor appointed, after which the residue of his
     life was spent in retirement; and tradition relates that “young and old
     repaired to his wigwam to hear him discourse wisdom.” His great motto
     was, “Unite in peace for happiness, in war for defence.” When and by
     whom he was first styled _Saint_, or by what whim he was chosen to
     be the patron of Democracy, does not appear.


     145. Who ate Roger Williams?

     “The truth that matter passes from the animal back to the vegetable,
     and from the vegetable to the animal kingdom again, received, not long
     since, a curious illustration. For the purpose of erecting a suitable
     monument in memory of Roger Williams, the founder of Rhode Island, his
     private burying-ground was searched for the graves of himself and wife.
     It was found that everything had passed into oblivion. The shape of the
     coffins could only be traced by a black line of carbonaceous matter.
     The rusted hinges and nails, and a round wooden knob, alone remained in
     one grave; while a single lock of braided hair was found in the other.
     Near the graves stood an apple-tree. This had sent down two main roots
     into the very presence of the coffined dead. The larger root, pushing
     its way to the precise spot occupied by the skull of Roger Williams,
     had made a turn as if passing around it, and followed the direction of
     the backbone to the hips. Here it divided into two branches, sending
     one along each leg to the heel, when both turned upward to the toes.
     One of these roots formed a slight crook at the knee, which made the
     whole bear a striking resemblance to the human form. (These roots
     are now deposited in the museum of Brown University.) There were the
     graves, but their occupants had disappeared; the bones, even, had
     vanished. There stood the thief--the guilty apple-tree--caught in
     the very act of robbery. The spoliation was complete. The organic
     matter--the flesh, the bones--of Roger Williams had passed into an
     apple-tree. The elements had been absorbed by the roots, transmuted
     into woody fibre, which could now be burned as fuel or carved into
     ornaments; had bloomed into fragrant blossoms, which had delighted
     the eye of passers-by, and scattered the sweetest perfume of spring;
     more than that, had been converted into luscious fruit, which, from
     year to year, had been gathered and eaten. How pertinent, then, is the
     question, ‘Who ate Roger Williams?’”--_Steele’s Chemistry._


     146. How were bachelors punished at Sparta?

     The male citizens of Sparta who remained unmarried after a certain age
     were subjected to a species of atimy or public disgrace. They were not
     allowed to witness the gymnastic exercises of the maidens; and, during
     winter, they were compelled to march naked around the market-place,
     singing a song composed against themselves, and expressing the justice
     of their punishment. The usual respect of the young to the old was not
     paid to bachelors.


     147. What did the Indians present to Penn’s widow?

     On the death of William Penn, the Indians sent his widow a message of
     sorrow for the loss of their “brother Onas” (the Indians called him
     “Onas,” their word for _quill_, which was the nearest they could
     arrive at _pen_), with some choice skins to form a cloak which
     might protect her “while passing through the thorny wilderness without
     her guide.”


     148. What animal has a tail so large that it sometimes requires to be
     carried on wheels?

     The long-tailed sheep which inhabits Syria and Egypt has a tail so
     large and so loaded with fat, that to prevent it from being injured by
     dragging on the ground, a board is fastened to the under side of it,
     and wheels are often attached to the board. The peculiar fat of the
     tail is considered a great delicacy, and is so soft as to be frequently
     used as butter. The weight of a large tail is about seventy pounds.


     149. Who was the “Little Magician”?

     Martin Van Buren (1782–1862), the eighth President of the United
     States, was so termed from his adroitness in political methods, and the
     art with which he made friends and avoided making enemies.


     150. What explorer drove a herd of hogs before him for food?

     When Ferdinand De Soto set out on his conquest of Florida, he took,
     among other things, a large herd of hogs with him to fatten on the
     maize of the country. It was thought that these, together with their
     rapid increase, would form a considerable supply of food for the
     conquering army.


     151. When, where, and by whom was the first gun of the late Civil War
     fired?

     At half past four o’clock, Friday morning, April 12, 1861, from Battery
     Stevens in Charleston Harbor, upon Fort Sumter, by Edmund Ruffin, of
     Virginia. At seven o’clock, Captain Abner Doubleday, U. S. A., fired
     the first shot in defence of the Union.


     152. Who was the last Union general killed in the Rebellion?

     Brigadier-General Thomas Smythe. He was mortally wounded near
     Farmville, Virginia, April 6, 1865, and died at Petersburg on the 9th
     of the same month. General Smythe was a native of Ireland, and came to
     America in childhood, settling at Wilmington, Delaware. He entered the
     Union ranks in 1861, and was made a brigadier-general June 3, 1864, for
     gallant conduct at the battle of Cold Harbor.


     153. What words contain all the vowels in order?

     The author knows of but three,--abstemiously, arsenious, and
     facetiously.


     154. Which is the most useful tree in the world?

     The palm-tree is undoubtedly the most useful product of the vegetable
     kingdom. It is impossible to overestimate the utility of these trees.
     They furnish food, shelter, clothing, timber, fuel, building materials,
     sticks, fibres, paper, starch, sugar, oil, wax, wine, tannin, dyeing
     materials, resin, and a host of minor products, which rend render them
     most valuable to the natives and to tropical agriculturists.


     155. Which is the only canonized saint of American birth?

     St. Rosa (1580–1617), commonly called St. Rose of Lima. Her parents
     were wealthy Spaniards, and gave her in baptism the name of Isabel;
     but, it is said, her extreme beauty in childhood made them call her
     Rosa. Their fortune having been swept away, Rosa was taken into the
     household of the treasurer Gonsalvo, where she supported her parents by
     her labor while following her bent for asceticism. She refused every
     matrimonial offer, assumed the habit of the third order of St. Dominic,
     and lived a recluse in the garden of her protectors. She was canonized
     by Pope Clement X. in 1671, and her feast was fixed on Aug. 30.


     150. When and where did the first legislative assembly convene in
     America?

     The first legislative body that ever assembled in America was the
     Virginia House of Burgesses, which convened at Jamestown, July 30,
     1619. Virginia had previously been divided into eleven boroughs,--James
     City, Charles City, the City of Henricus, Kiccowtan or Hampton,
     Martin-Brandon, Smythe’s Hundred, Martin’s Hundred, Argall’s Gift,
     Lawne’s Plantation, Ward’s Plantation, and Flowerdieu Hundred,--each
     of which sent two burgesses. They held their session in the old church
     at Jamestown until they could provide more suitable quarters. They sat
     with their hats on, as in the English Commons, the members occupying
     “the choir,” with the governor and council in the front seats. The
     Speaker, Master John Pory, with the clerk and sergeant, faced them,
     and the session was opened with prayer by Mr. Bucke, after which the
     burgesses took the oath of supremacy.


     157. Who was the Nimrod of the Bible?

     Izdubar, an early Babylonian king and hero, was most probably the
     Nimrod of the Bible. In a fragment of a Chaldæan tradition of the
     Deluge, discovered in 1872 by Mr. George Smith of the British Museum,
     Izdubar appears as a giant residing in the country of Accad, a subduer
     of great animals in the post-diluvian times, and a mighty conqueror who
     acquired the sovereignty, which he exercised in the city of Erech or
     Uruk, the earliest capital of Babylonia.


     158. Where in the Bible are we told in one verse not to do a thing and
     in the next to do it?

     “Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto
     him.”--Prov. xxvi. 4.

     “Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own
     conceit.”--Prov. xxvi. 5.


     159. What did the Indians at Jamestown plant in order to raise
     ammunition?

     It is said that, having seized a quantity of gunpowder belonging to the
     colonists, they planted it for seed, expecting to reap a full harvest
     of ammunition for the next contest.


     160. When was the first bloodshed in the late Civil War?

     On the 19th of April, 1861, two young men--Luther C. Ladd and A. O.
     Whitney--from Lowell, Mass., were killed by a mob while their regiment
     was passing through the streets of Baltimore on their way to the
     defence of Washington. This was the first bloodshed in the Rebellion.
     To their honor a granite monument has been erected in Merrimack Street,
     Lowell, and in the same enclosure is a bronze statue of Victory, by the
     German sculptor Rauch, to commemorate the triumph of the Northern cause.


     161. What African capital was named from a President of the United
     States?

     Monrovia, the capital of the republic of Liberia, was named in honor of
     James Monroe, who was President of the United States at the time of the
     establishment of the Liberian Republic.


     162. How many people did the ship _Mayflower_ bring over?

     There was on board of this single ship of one hundred and eighty tons
     a “floating village of one hundred and two souls,” not of resolute men
     only, but also their wives and children.


     163. Who delivered the funeral oration on the death of Washington?

     General Henry Lee, commonly known as “Light Horse Harry,” delivered
     the funeral oration of Washington, at the German Lutheran Church,
     Philadelphia, Dec. 26, 1799. A resolution of thanks was unanimously
     passed by Congress the following day.


     164. Which is the nearest approach yet made to the North Pole?

     On the 18th of May, 1882, Lieutenant James B. Lockwood, U. S. A., of
     the Greely expedition, reached the latitude of eighty-three degrees
     and twenty-four minutes on the north coast of Greenland. This was
     twenty-eight miles farther north than ever before known. Previous to
     this the greatest northing was that made by Commander Markham, R. N.,
     who, on May 12, 1876, reached eighty-three degrees twenty minutes and
     twenty-six seconds north on the frozen Polar Ocean.


     165. When was the price of flour made to depend upon the result of a
     Presidential election?

     In 1840, men of business advertised to pay six dollars a barrel if
     Harrison were elected, and only three dollars a barrel if Van Buren
     were elected.


     166. Which is the “Land of the Rising Sun”?

     The poetical name by which the Japanese designate their country is the
     “Land of the Rising Sun,” which well describes its location as the most
     eastern of all Asiatic empires, and their national emblem represents
     the sun as rising from the sea. The name Japan is a corruption of
     Marco Polo’s term _Zipangu_, which, in turn, is a corruption of
     _Jipunquo_, which is of Chinese origin, and means “The Country at
     the Root of the Sun.”


     167. Which is the “Land of the Midnight Sun”?

     The Scandinavian Peninsula. “From the last days of May to the end of
     July, in the northern part of this land, the sun shines day and night
     upon its mountains, fjords, rivers, lakes, forests, towns, villages,
     hamlets, fields, and farms; and thus Sweden and Norway may be called
     ‘The Land of the Midnight Sun.’ During this period of continuous
     daylight the stars are never seen, the moon appears pale and sheds no
     light upon the earth.”--_Du Chaillu’s Land of the Midnight Sun._


     168. When did the postal card come into use in the United States?

     By the Act of June 8, 1872, the Postmaster-General was authorized and
     directed to issue postal cards to the public at a cost of one cent
     each. The first cards were issued in May, 1873. The invention of postal
     cards is attributed to Prof. Emanuel Herman, of Vienna. They were used
     in England, Germany, and Switzerland in 1870, and have since been
     introduced into other European countries. In some countries a card is
     attached on which an answer can be returned.


     169. What President worked on a ferry-boat when a young man?

     In 1825, Abraham Lincoln, then in his seventeenth year, was employed by
     James Taylor for nine months at _six_ dollars a month to manage
     a ferry-boat which plied between the banks of the Ohio and also of
     Anderson Creek.


     170. What general shot a wolf in her den by the light of her own eyes?

     General Israel Putnam, of Revolutionary fame, once had a famous
     encounter with a she-wolf that had for several years preyed upon the
     flocks and cattle of the neighborhood. Having discovered her den, he
     entered it alone by creeping into a narrow opening, and shot and killed
     the wolf by the light of her own glaring eyes as she was advancing
     to attack him. This adventure, which gave him a wide reputation
     for courage, took place near Pomfret, Conn., when Putnam was but
     twenty-five years old.


     171. What did the Indians suppose the ships of Columbus to be?

     They supposed the ships to be huge white-winged birds, and the
     Spaniards to have come from heaven.


     172. What President never attended school a day in his life?

     Andrew Johnson, on account of extreme poverty, never received any
     schooling, and at the age of ten he was apprenticed to Mr. Selby, a
     tailor in Raleigh, N. C. A gentleman was in the habit of visiting the
     shop and reading to the workmen, generally from “The American Speaker,”
     and Andrew became intensely interested, especially in the extracts from
     the speeches of Pitt and Fox, and determined to secure an education.
     From a fellow-workman he learned the alphabet, and from a friend
     something of spelling. Thenceforth, after working ten or twelve hours
     a day at his trade, he spent two or three every night in study. After
     his marriage at Greenville, Tenn., he continued his studies under the
     instruction of his wife, with whose aid he learned to write and cipher,
     while pursuing his trade as before by day.


     173. How was Napoleon paid for the cession of Louisiana?

     He was paid $11,250,000 in six per cent. bonds, payable fifteen years
     after date. The price paid for Louisiana was $15,000,000, but one
     quarter of this was due to American citizens for French depredations
     upon our commerce.


     174. When was the flag of a republic first set up on American soil?

     In 1497, John Cabot discovered North America and set up--together with
     the standard of England--the banner of his native land, the republic of
     Venice.


     175. What was the “Confederate candle”?

     The “Confederate candle” consisted of a long wick coated with wax and
     resin, and wound on a little wooden frame, at the top of which was
     nailed a bit of tin. The end of the wick, being passed through a hole
     in the tin, was lighted and uncoiled as needed.


     176. What was the Holy Grail?

     According to some legends of the Middle Ages, the Holy Grail was the
     cup (said to be emerald) used by our Saviour in dispensing the wine at
     the Last Supper; and according to others, it was the platter on which
     the Paschal Lamb was served at the last Passover observed by our Lord.
     By some it was said to have been preserved by Joseph of Arimathea, who
     received into it the blood which flowed from the Redeemer’s wounds
     as he hung on the cross. By others it was said to have been brought
     down from heaven by angels, and committed to the charge of a body of
     knights, who guarded it on the top of a lofty mountain. This cup,
     according to the legend, if approached by any but a perfectly pure,
     chaste, and holy person, would be borne away, and vanish from their
     sight. This led to the quest of the Holy Grail, which was to be sought
     on every side by a knight who was perfectly chaste in thought, word,
     and act. It is to this that some of the later English poets have
     referred, especially Tennyson in his “Sir Galahad”:

         “Sometimes on lonely mountain meres
           I find a magic bark;
         I leap on board; no helmsman steers;
           I float till all is dark.
         A gentle sound, an awful light!
           Three angels bear the Holy Grail.
         With folded feet, in stoles of white,
           On sweeping wings they sail.”


     177. Where is the “Devil’s Wall”?

     This name is given by the inhabitants of the neighborhood to the old
     Roman wall separating England from Scotland, because they suppose that
     from the strength of the cement and the durability of the stone, the
     devil must have built it. The superstitious peasantry are said to be
     in the habit of gathering up the fragments of this wall to put in the
     foundation of their own tenements, to insure an equal solidity.


     178. Who was the youngest President?

     Ulysses S. Grant, who was not forty-seven years of age at the time of
     his inauguration.


     179. Who was “Foul-weather Jack”?

     Commander Byron (1723–1786) was so called by the men who sailed under
     him, in allusion to his ill-fortune at sea.


     180. When and by whom was the Pacific Ocean discovered?

     During the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, Marco Polo and his
     successors travelled far to the East, and came to an ocean of unknown
     extent; and they partially explored its western coast. But it was not
     until nearly two centuries after this, that the existence of this great
     ocean was established to Europeans; and the honor of its discovery
     justly belongs to Vasco Nuñez de Balbao, or Balboa, the leader of a
     Spanish party exploring the Isthmus of Panama, who, on the 29th of
     September, 1513, saw, from the summit of a mountain, a vast ocean to
     the west. Balbao prostrated himself upon the ground; then, rising to
     his knees, he thanked God “it had pleased his Divine Majesty to reserve
     unto that day the victory and praise of so great a thing unto him.”
     When he reached the coast he advanced waist-deep into the waves, drew
     his sword, and swore, as a true knight, that he would defend it, with
     its coast, islands, and all that it contained, for his master, the king
     of Spain. Because he discovered it on Michaelmas day, Balbao named it
     the _Golfo de San Miguel_.


     181. What sect believes in the existence of one hundred and thirty-six
     hells?

     According to Buddhist belief, there are, situated in the interior of
     the earth, one hundred and thirty-six hells. These places of punishment
     have a regular gradation in the intensity of the suffering and the
     length of time the sufferers live, the least term of life being ten
     millions of years, the longer terms being almost beyond the powers of
     even Indian notation to express. But however long the life, it has an
     end, and at its close the individual must be born again.


     182. What are the sacred writings of the Buddhists called?

     The _Tripitaka_ (_i. e._, “Triple Basket”) is the Bible of Buddhism.
     It contains one hundred and sixteen volumes, and is divided into
     three classes: the _Sutra_, or discourses of Buddha; the _Vinaya_, or
     discipline, and the _Abhidharma_, or metaphysics. They contain sublime,
     moral, and pure aspirations, and their author lived and died in the
     sixth century B. C. Buddhism has now existed for nearly twenty-five
     centuries, and may be said to be the prevailing religion of the world,
     as its adherents are estimated at from 400,000,000 to 500,000,000
     souls,--more than one third of the human race.


     183. What are the sacred writings of the Chinese called?

     _King_ (_i. e._, “The Books”) is the collective name of the canonical
     works of the adherents of Confucius. It is divided into five books.
     These are the _Yih-King_, or the Book of Changes,--originally a
     cosmological essay, now, curiously enough, regarded as a treatise
     on ethics; _Shu-King_, or the Book of Annals,--a history of the
     deliberations between the Emperors Yayu and Shun, and other personages,
     called by Confucius the _Ancient Kings_, and for whose maxims and
     actions he had the highest veneration; the _Shi-King_, or the Book
     of Songs,--a book of sacred songs, consisting of three hundred and
     eleven poems, the best of which every well-educated Chinaman gets by
     heart; the _Le-King_, or the Book of Rites,--the foundation of Chinese
     manners, prescribing, as it does, the ceremonies to be observed in all
     the relationships of life, and the great cause of the unchangeableness
     and artificiality of Chinese habits; and the _Chun-tsien_,--a history
     by Confucius of his own times, and those which immediately preceded
     him. These works stand at the head of the vast literature of the
     Chinese, and constitute the sacred books of about 80,000,000 of people.


     184. What are the sacred books of the ancient Scandinavians called?

     The _Eddas_ are the sacred books of the old Scandinavian tribes.
     There are two works which bear this name,--the _Edda Sæmundar
     hins Froda_, or Edda of Sæmund the Wise, and the _Edda Snorri
     Sturlusonar_. The former, and older of these, contains the mythology
     of the Scandinavians, with some historical narrations of a romantic
     cast, embodied in thirty-nine poems, of unknown authorship and
     date, which were collected by Sæmund Sigfusson, surnamed Frodi, an
     Icelandic priest, 1054–1133. The second is a collection of the myths
     of the gods, and of explanations of the types and metres of the pagan
     poetry, intended for the instruction of the young skalds, or poets.
     It is chiefly in prose, and is the work of several authors, although
     ascribed to Snorri Sturleson, 1178–1241. The name Edda, which means
     great-grandmother (_i. e._, of Scandinavian poetry), was applied
     to these works by Brynjolf Svendson, bishop of Skalholt, by whom
     they were discovered and first brought before the notice of European
     scholars in 1643.


     185. What are the sacred writings of the Hindoos called?

     The _Vedas_ (“Knowledge”) are the sacred books of the Hindoos. These
     books are of great antiquity, but of uncertain date. There are four
     books: the oldest is the _Rijveda_,--the Veda of praise; next, the
     _Yajurveda_,--the Veda of sacrifice; the _Samaveda_,--the Veda of
     chanting; and the latest the _Atharvaveda_, which is made up after the
     manner of the _Samaveda_, but containing additional extracts from the
     _Rijveda_; its object is to teach how to appease, to bless, to curse,
     etc. Each of the Vedas contains a _Sanhita_, or collection of hymns,
     and an accompanying _Brahmana_, or commentary. They are written in
     Sanskrit.


     186. What are the sacred writings of the Persians called?

     The _Zend-Avesta_ (“Commentary and Text,” _Avesta_ being
     properly the sacred text; and _Zend_, its interpretation into more
     modern and intelligible language) is the Bible of the ancient Persians
     and of the modern Parsees or Guebres, who number about 7,000 in Persia,
     and 200,000 in India. It is ascribed to Zoroaster, who is said to have
     written 2,000,000 verses, covering 12,000 cow-skin parchments. In
     its present fragmentary state, it consists of the _Vendidad_ of
     twenty-two chapters, being the one surviving part (the twentieth) of
     an original work of twenty-one parts; the _Yazna_, of seventy-two
     chapters; the _Visparad_, of twenty-three chapters; twenty-four
     sections called _Yashts_; and a few fragments. It is, next to the
     Bible, the best of the sacred writings.


     187. What are the sacred writings of the Mohammedans called?

     The Koran, or _Al-Coran_, (“The Reading”), is the book of faith
     of the Mohammedans, or of about one seventh of the human race. It is
     a single volume of one hundred and fourteen chapters, of very unequal
     length, written in Arabic, and containing the doctrines and pretended
     revelations of Mohammed, “The Prophet,” whose followers number about
     201,000,000.


     188. What are the sacred writings of the ancient Japanese?

     The _Kojiki_ (“Book of Ancient Traditions”) is the Bible and
     oldest monument of Shintonism, the ancient religion of Japan. It is
     written in pure Japanese, and was composed by order of the Mikado
     Gemmio, A. D. 712, and first printed about 1625. Shintonism has no
     moral code, and consists chiefly in the imitation and deification of
     illustrious ancestors, emperors, heroes, and scholars, the veneration
     of fire and light, and the inculcation of obedience to the will of the
     Mikado. Its adherents now number only about 14,000,000, as Buddhism is
     now the prevailing religion in Japan.


     189. What are the “Seven Bibles of the World”?

     They are the _Scriptures_ of the Christians; the _Zend-Avesta_ of
     the Persians; the four _Vedas_ of the Hindoos; the _Tripitaka_ of
     the Buddhists; the five _Kings_ of the Chinese; the two _Eddas_ of
     the Scandinavians, and the _Koran_ of the Mohammedans. Of these the
     _Scriptures_ are the oldest and the _Koran_ the most recent.


     190. What President wrote his own epitaph?

     Thomas Jefferson wrote his own epitaph, as follows: “Here lies buried
     THOMAS JEFFERSON, author of the Declaration of Independence,
     of the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom, and Father of the
     University of Virginia.”


     191. When was the first national convention for the nomination of
     candidates for the Presidency and Vice-Presidency held?

     National conventions for the nomination of candidates were unknown
     before 1830. In 1830, an Anti-Masonic national convention was held, in
     which the party resolved, among other things, to put forward candidates
     for President and Vice-President, and a second convention was called
     to meet in Baltimore, in September, 1831, to make the nominations.
     In 1832, that being the election year, the Democrats held a national
     convention at Baltimore, to nominate a Vice-President, it being
     generally understood that Jackson was to be re-elected.


     192. Who was the first President nominated by national convention?

     Martin Van Buren in 1835. The Whigs, his opponents, held no such
     meeting, and contented themselves with supporting Harrison as
     the nominee of the Pennsylvania State Convention. In 1839 the
     Whigs nominated Harrison in national convention, and elected him
     triumphantly. Thenceforward, the practice of holding national
     conventions became general with all parties.


     193. Where were the different Presidents nominated?

         Van Buren, at Baltimore, 1835, by the Democrats.
         Harrison, at Harrisburg, 1839, by the Whigs.
         Polk, at Baltimore, 1844, by the Democrats.
         Taylor, at Philadelphia, 1848, by the Whigs.
         Pierce, at Baltimore, 1852, by the Democrats.
         Buchanan, at Cincinnati, 1856, by the Democrats.
         Lincoln (first term), at Chicago, 1800, by the Republicans.
         Lincoln (second term), at Baltimore, 1864, by the Republicans.
         Grant (first term), at Chicago, 1868, by the Republicans.
         Grant (second term), at Philadelphia, 1872, by the Republicans.
         Hayes, at Cincinnati, 1876, by the Republicans.
         Garfield, at Chicago, 1880, by the Republicans.
         Cleveland, at Chicago, 1884, by the Democrats.


     194. When and by whom was the first national political platform adopted?

     The first national political platform was adopted by the Democratic
     convention at Baltimore, May 5, 1840.


     195. Which is the “Blue Hen State”?

     This is a popular name for the State of Delaware. This sobriquet is
     said to have had its origin in a certain Captain Caldwell’s fondness
     for the amusement of cock-fighting. Caldwell was, for a time, an
     officer of the First Delaware Regiment, in the war of the Revolution,
     and was greatly distinguished for his daring and undaunted spirit.
     He was exceedingly popular in the regiment, and its high state of
     discipline was generally conceded to be due to his exertions; so that
     when officers were sent on a recruiting service, to enlist new men,
     in order to fill vacancies caused by death or otherwise, it was a
     saying, that they had gone home for more of Caldwell’s game-cocks;
     but as Caldwell insisted that no cock could be truly game unless the
     mother was a blue hen, the expression _Blue Hen’s Chickens_ was
     substituted for game-cocks.


     196. What State is called “The Dark and Bloody Ground”?

     Kentucky, of which name the above is said to be the translation. The
     phrase is an epitome of the early history of the State, of the dark
     and bloody conflicts of the first white settlers with their savage
     foes; but the name originated in the fact that this was the grand
     battle-ground between the Northern and Southern Indians.


     197. Who was the author of “Greenbacks”?

     Salmon Portland Chase (1808–1873), President Lincoln’s Secretary of
     the Treasury, and afterwards Chief Justice of the United States. The
     financial policy which carried the nation through the civil war was
     mainly the work of Mr. Chase. One of its essential features was the
     issue of United States notes, known as “Greenbacks,” which bore no
     interest, but were made legal tender.


     198. What battle of the Rebellion was fought above the clouds?

     This far-famed “battle above the clouds” took place on Lookout
     Mountain, Tennessee, on the morning of the 23d of November, 1863. A
     dense fog hung like a hood over the mountain, as the Federals under
     Hooker charged the Rebel fortifications. His troops had been ordered to
     stop on the high ground, but, taking advantage of the fog, and carried
     away by the ardor of the attack, they sprang up the almost inaccessible
     slopes of the mountain with resistless energy, and swept over the
     crest, driving the enemy before them. The Union flag was carried to the
     top; and before two o’clock in the afternoon, Lookout Mountain, with
     its cloud-capped summit, was swarming with Federal soldiers. Grant is
     reported to have declared the so-called “battle above the clouds” to
     be “all poetry, there having been no action there worthy the name of
     battle.”


     199. Why was John Quincy Adams so named?

     The origin of his name was thus stated by himself: “My
     great-grandfather, John Quincy, was dying when I was baptized, and his
     daughter, my grandmother, requested I might receive his name. This
     fact, recorded by my father, has connected with my name a charm of
     mingled sensibility and devotion. It was filial tenderness that gave
     the name,--it was the name of one passing from earth to immortality.
     These have been through life perpetual admonitions to do nothing
     unworthy of it.”


     200. What President was the oldest when elected?

     William Henry Harrison, who was sixty-eight years of age when
     inaugurated. The average age of Presidents, when elected, has been
     fifty-seven years.


     201. What colony was founded as a home for the poor?

     Georgia, the thirteenth American colony, was founded in a spirit of
     pure benevolence. The laws of England permitted imprisonment for debt.
     Thousands of English laborers, who through misfortune and thoughtless
     contracts had become indebted to the rich, were annually arrested and
     thrown into jail. Whole families were destitute or starving. To provide
     a refuge for these downtrodden poor of England, and the distressed
     Protestants of other countries, James Oglethorpe, the philanthropist,
     a member of Parliament, appealed to George II. for the privilege of
     planting a colony in America. The petition was favorably heard, and
     on the 9th of June, 1732, a royal charter was issued, by which the
     territory between the Savannah and Altamaha Rivers, and westward from
     the upper fountains of those rivers to the Pacific, was organized and
     granted to a corporation for twenty-one years, _to be held in trust
     for the poor_. In honor of the king, the new province received the
     name of Georgia.


     202. Who was the “Colossus of American Independence”?

     John Adams. By his energy and eloquence he did more than any other man
     to crystallize the American sentiment in favor of independence. He was
     a member of the celebrated committee appointed to draft the immortal
     “Declaration.” In the debates on that instrument, he was its chief
     defender; and it was he who persuaded Congress to adopt it. He was the
     most distinguished signer. Jefferson himself said, that “he [Adams] was
     the pillar of its support; its ablest advocate and defender.”


     203. What were the last intelligible words of Benedict Arnold?

     “Bring me, I beg you, the epaulets and sword-knots which Washington
     gave me. Let me die in my old American uniform, the uniform in which I
     fought my battles. God forgive me for ever putting on any other.”


     204. What bird is an apt illustration of the proverb that “Pride will
     have a fall”?

     The pouter pigeon. It stands perpendicularly erect, and seems
     exceedingly vain of the swollen crop which gives it the name of pouter.
     It can inflate its crop with air, until the head is almost hidden
     behind it. This inflation oftentimes causes the bird to lose its
     balance, and to fall down chimneys, on which it is fond of standing,
     thereby aptly illustrating the proverb, that “Pride will have a fall.”


     205. What noted poet was so thin that he was said to wear lead in his
     shoes to keep himself from being blown away by the wind?

     Philetas, a distinguished poet and critic of the Alexandrian school,
     who lived in the fourth and third centuries B. C., was so sickly and
     so thin, that the comic poets stated that he used to wear lead in his
     shoes to keep himself from being blown away. The story runs that he
     died from the excessive assiduity with which he sought the answer to
     the sophistical problem, called “The Liar,” viz.: If a man says he is
     telling a lie, does he speak truly or falsely?


     206. Was Adam created with a beard?

     Scripture does not tell us, but the tradition that he was created with
     one (which may be described as bushy rather than flowing) is recorded
     on ancient monuments, and especially on an antique sarcophagus, which
     is one of the ornaments of the Vatican. The Jews, with the Orientals
     generally, seem to have accepted the tradition for a law. Among them
     the beard was a cherished and sacred thing. The Scriptures abound with
     examples of how the beard and its treatment interpreted the feelings,
     the joy, the pride, the sorrow, or the despondency of the wearer.


     207. Who was the wealthiest President?

     Washington, who left an estate valued at $800,000. The next in order of
     wealth was Van Buren, whose property was valued at $400,000.


     208. Who were the original “Jersey Blues”?

     They were a battalion of five hundred soldiers from New Jersey, during
     King George’s War (1745–1748), and were so called from the color of
     their uniform,--blue, faced with red, gray stockings, and buckskin
     breeches. They were described at the time as “the likeliest well-set
     men who ever entered upon a campaign.”


     209. Who was “Tam O’Shanter”?

     He was the hero of Burns’s poem of the same name, a farmer, who, riding
     home very late and very drunk, from Ayr, in a stormy night, had to
     pass by the kirk of Alloway, a place reputed to be a favorite haunt of
     the devil and his friends and emissaries. On approaching the kirk,
     he perceived a light gleaming through the windows; but having got
     courageously drunk, he ventured on till he could look into the edifice,
     when he saw a dance of witches merrily footing it round their master,
     who was playing on the bagpipe to them. The dance grew so furious that
     they all stripped themselves of their upper garments, and kept at it
     in their shifts. One “winsome wench,” happening unluckily to have a
     shift which was considerably too short to answer all the purposes of
     that useful article of dress, Tam was so tickled that he involuntarily
     roared out, “Weel done, Cutty-sark!” (Well done, Short-smock);
     whereupon, in an instant, all was dark, and Tam, recollecting himself,
     turned and spurred his horse to the top of her speed, chased by the
     whole fiendish crew. It is a current belief, that witches, or any evil
     spirits, have no power to follow a poor wight any farther than the
     middle of the next running stream. Fortunately for Tam, the river Doon
     was near; for, notwithstanding the speed of his horse, by the time
     he gained the middle of the arch of the bridge, and consequently the
     middle of the stream, the pursuing vengeful hags were so close at his
     heels, that one of them, “Cutty-sark,” actually sprang to seize him;
     but it was too late,--nothing was on her side of the stream but the
     horse’s tail, which immediately gave way at her infernal gripe, as if
     blasted by a stroke of lightning; but the farmer was beyond her reach.


     210. Who was “Old Public Functionary”?

     This sobriquet, which was sometimes humorously abbreviated O. P. F.,
     was sometimes given to James Buchanan, the fifteenth President of the
     United States. He was the first to apply the expression to himself, in
     his annual message to Congress in 1859:--

     “This advice proceeds from the heart of an _old public functionary_,
     whose service commenced in the last generation, among the wise and
     conservative statesmen of that day, now nearly all passed away, and
     whose first and dearest earthly wish is to leave his country tranquil,
     prosperous, united, and powerful.”


     211. Who was “Light-Horse Harry”?

     This sobriquet was popularly conferred upon General Henry Lee
     (1756–1818), a gallant American cavalry officer in the war of the
     Revolution, in allusion to his rapid and daring movements in battle,
     particularly during the campaign in the Carolinas.


     212. Who was the “French Game-cock”?

     On account of his bravery, this name was given by the American soldiers
     to Marie Jean Paul Roch Yves Gilbert Motier, Marquis de Lafayette.


     213. What was the “Albany Regency”?

     It was a junto of astute Democratic politicians, having their
     headquarters at Albany, who controlled the action of the Democratic
     party for many years, and who had great weight in national politics.
     The effort to elect William H. Crawford President, instead of John
     Quincy Adams, was their first great struggle.


     214. In what country are prayers said by wheels?

     An important part of the duties of a pilgrim to Lassa, the centre of
     Lamaism, is penance. Among the lighter forms of penance is turning a
     wheel called _Tchu-Kor_, “revolving prayer.” This devotional
     machine is usually a sort of barrel, moving upon an axis and inscribed
     all over with Buddhistic petitions. The worshipper sets it going, and
     it turns prayers for his benefit, while he pursues some more mundane
     occupation.


     215. What Presidents were born in Virginia?

     Thus far seven of our Presidents have been natives of Virginia, viz.:--

     Washington, born in Westmoreland County, Feb. 22, 1732; Jefferson, born
     at Shadwell, Albemarle County, April 2, 1743; Madison, born at King
     George, March 16, 1751; Monroe, born in Westmoreland County, April 28,
     1758; Harrison, born at Berkeley, Charles City County, Feb. 9, 1773;
     Tyler, born in Charles City County, March 29, 1790; Taylor, born in
     Orange County, Sept. 24, 1784.


     216. Which is the only monarchy on the Western Continent?

     The government of Brazil is a mild form of a constitutional and
     hereditary monarchy. The laws of succession are the same as in England.
     The Emperor Dom Pedro II., of the house of Bragança, and the Empress,
     a sister of the king of Naples, are universally beloved and respected
     for their intellectual and moral endowments, and their affectionate
     interest in the welfare of their subjects.


     217. What becomes of all the greenbacks and banknotes after they have
     served their few years of usefulness?

     They go to the government. After about three years of service they
     are pretty well worn, and are taken to the Bureau of Engraving and
     Printing, and placed in a machine containing immense knives, which chop
     the notes into fragments. Three officers of the Treasury Department are
     stationed to watch the destruction of the notes. No one else is allowed
     to be present except the officials and the men who run the machine.
     They are compelled to remain in the room until each separate note is
     destroyed. They must account afterwards to the Redemption Bureau for
     each note, and should one become lost or mislaid and afterwards find
     its way into circulation, the result would be the immediate discharge
     of the three who daily have in their custody millions of dollars of
     notes and bonds. The shreds are reduced to pulp, and then moulded into
     figures of birds and animals and sold as mementos to visitors. Often it
     will happen that one little object will be composed of what was once
     $1,000,000 worth of money.


     218. What sort of mound has been raised to the memory of Kosciusko?

     Near Cracow there is a mound of earth one hundred and fifty feet
     high, which was raised to the memory of the Polish patriot, Thaddeus
     Kosciusko, by the people, earth being brought for this purpose from
     every great battlefield of Europe on which Polish blood had been shed.
     From a fanciful resemblance in shape to this tumulus, the loftiest
     known mountain in Australia has received the name of Mount Kosciusko.


     219. In what country are the forests without shade?

     With few exceptions, the Australian trees are evergreens, and they show
     a peculiar reverted position of their leaves, which hang vertically,
     turning their edges instead of their sides toward the sun, and giving
     no shade. There are great shadeless forests of eucalypti and other
     trees.


     220. Which are the tallest trees in the world?

     The loftiest product of the vegetable kingdom is the eucalypti-trees,
     indigenous to Australia and Tasmania. They are sometimes called
     “gum-trees,” because they abound in resinous exudations. The
     _Eucalyptus gigantea_, called “Stringy bark,” sometimes attains a
     height of four hundred and eighty feet, and a diameter of over eighty
     feet; over one hundred feet higher than the highest specimen of the
     mammoth trees of California (_Sequoia gigantea_), now standing.
     These trees form a characteristic feature of the peculiar vegetation
     of those islands, having entire leathery leaves, of which one edge is
     directed toward the sky, so that both surfaces are equally exposed
     to the light. They also have the peculiarity of shedding their bark
     annually instead of their leaves.


     221. Who was the most famous heroine of antiquity?

     Zenobia, the queen of Palmyra. Her second husband, Septimius Odenathus,
     prince of Palmyra, was assassinated in A. D. 266, by his nephew
     Mæonius. Zenobia put the assassin to death, and assumed the vacant
     Palmyrene throne. For five years she governed Palmyra, Syria, and
     adjoining parts of the East with vigor and judgment, independent of
     the Roman power. She assumed the title of “Queen of the East,” and
     exacted from her subjects the same adoration that was paid to Persian
     monarchs. She maintained her power through the reigns of Gallienus and
     Claudius, but was finally defeated and captured by Aurelian, 273 A. D.
     Decked with splendid jewels, and almost fainting under the weight of
     gold chains, she adorned the triumph of the emperor, but was presented
     by him with large possessions near Tivoli, where she passed the rest
     of her life in comfort and even splendor. Her daughters married into
     noble Roman families, and her descendants were still living in the
     fifth century. She was exceedingly beautiful, dark in complexion, with
     large black, fiery eyes. She spoke Latin, Greek, Syriac, and Egyptian,
     and wrote for her own use an epitome of Oriental history. She was a
     passionate hunter, and thoroughly inured to fatigue, sometimes walking
     on foot at the head of her troops.


     222. What is dynamite?

     This explosive, of which we hear so much, looks very much like moist
     brown sugar. It is made of nitro-glycerine, a heavy, oily liquid which
     explodes with great violence, mixed with an absorbent to make it safer
     to handle. Nitro-glycerine is composed of nitric acid, sulphuric acid,
     and that clear, sweet, soothing liquid called glycerine. The absorbent
     material is a fine, white powder, composed of the remains of infusoria.
     This takes up two or three times its weight of the nitro-glycerine
     without becoming pasty; the ingredients are mixed in leaden vessels
     with wooden spoons to avoid friction. If fire is applied to this mass,
     it burns with a strong flame without any explosion; but the application
     of a full sudden blow causes it to explode with tremendous force.


     223. Who was the “Great American Commoner”?

     Thaddeus Stevens (1793–1868), of Pennsylvania, an American statesman,
     was so called on account of his opposition to slavery and secession. He
     was elected representative in Congress in 1848 and re-elected in 1850.
     He strongly opposed the Fugitive Slave Law and the Kansas-Nebraska
     Bill. He was again elected to Congress in 1858, and held his seat till
     his death.


     224. What was the proper name of Columbus?

     His Genoese name was Christoforo Colombo, which, according to the
     custom of the time, he Latinized into Columbus. When he went into Spain
     he adopted the Spanish form of it, Christobal Colon.


     225. Who were the parents of Columbus?

     Columbus was the eldest son of Domenico Colombo, a wool comber of
     Genoa, and Susanna Fontanarossa. They had two other sons, Bartolommeo
     (Bartholomew) and Giacomo (James, called in Spain Diego), and a
     daughter who married a butcher.


     226. Who was the wife of Columbus?

     In the convent of All Saints, Lisbon, where Columbus was accustomed to
     attend religious service, were certain ladies of rank, either resident
     as boarders, or in some religious capacity. With one of these, Doña
     Felipa Moñis de Perestrello, Columbus became acquainted. Her father,
     Bartolommeo Moñis de Perestrello, an Italian cavalier, lately deceased,
     had been one of the most distinguished navigators under Prince Henry,
     and had colonized and governed the island of Porto Santo. Columbus soon
     fell in love with the lady, and married her. By her he had one son,
     Diego, born about 1472. A few years afterward his wife died.


     227. How many children had Columbus?

     He had two sons. The eldest, Diego, was by his wife. His second son,
     Fernando, born in 1487, was the illegitimate child of Doña Beatriz
     Enriquez, a noble lady of Cordova, to whom Columbus became attached,
     while waiting for an opportunity to appear at court. This son became
     the historian of his father.


     228. When did the line of Columbus become extinct?

     Diego married Doña Maria de Toledo, daughter of the Duke of Alva. Their
     eldest son, Luis, exchanged the hereditary dignity of admiral for a
     pension and the title of Duke of Veragua, Marquis of Jamaica. Luis’s
     eldest daughter married her cousin Diego, and died without issue,
     the male line thus becoming extinct. Finally the property and titles
     became, in 1608, merged by marriage through the female line in a branch
     of the house of Bragança.


     229. What were the last words of Columbus?

     He died while repeating the following words in Latin: “Lord, into thy
     hands I commit my spirit.”


     230. Where do the remains of Columbus now repose?

     The body of Columbus was deposited in the convent of San Francisco,
     Valladolid, Spain. It was thence transported, 1513, to the Carthusian
     Monastery of Seville, where a handsome monument was erected by command
     of Ferdinand and Isabella, with the simple inscription, “To Castile and
     Leon, Colon gave a new world.” In 1536, his body and that of his son
     Diego were removed to the city of St. Domingo, Hayti, and interred in
     the principal chapel. But, in 1796, the remains, as was supposed, were
     taken to Havana with imposing ceremonies. The tomb in the cathedral is
     marked by a slab elaborately carved, on which is inscribed,--

         “Restos e Imagen del grande Colon!
         Mil siglos durad guardades en la Urna
         Y en la remembranza de nuestra Nacion,”

     which is Spanish for,

         “Oh, rest thou, image of the great Colon,
         Thousand centuries remain, guarded in the urn,
         And in the remembrance of our nation.”

     In 1877, however, while excavating near the cathedral in St. Domingo,
     the vault was opened and a leaden coffin found containing human bones,
     and inscribed in Spanish, “Illustrious and renowned man, Christopher
     Columbus.” It is therefore thought that the body carried to Havana was
     not that of the great admiral.


     231. What was the last writing of Columbus?

     It is contained in a final codicil to the will of 1498, made at
     Valladolid on the 19th of May, 1506. By this the old will is confirmed,
     the mayorazgo is bequeathed to his son Diego and his male heirs,
     failing these to Fernando, his second son, and failing these to the
     male heirs of his brother Bartholomew: only in case of the extinction
     of the male line, direct or collateral, is it to descend to the females
     of the family; and those into whose hands it may fall are never to
     diminish it, but always to increase and ennoble it by all means
     possible. The head of the family is to sign himself “The Admiral.” A
     tenth of the annual income is to be set aside yearly for distribution
     among the poor relations of the house. A chapel is founded and endowed
     for the saying of masses. Beatriz Enriquez is left to the care of the
     young admiral in most graceful terms. Among other legacies is one of
     “half a mark of silver to a Jew who used to live at the gate of Jewry,
     in Lisbon.” The codicil was written and signed with the admiral’s own
     hand. Next day (May 20, 1506) he died.


     232. Which is the “Sucker State”? Why so named?

     This is a cant name given to the State of Illinois, the inhabitants of
     which are very generally called _suckers_ throughout the West. The
     origin of this term is said to be as follows: The Western prairies are,
     in many places, full of the holes made by the “crawfish” (a fresh-water
     shell-fish, similar in form to the lobster), which descends to the
     water beneath. In early times, when travellers wended their way over
     these immense plains, they very prudently provided themselves with a
     long, hollow reed, and, when thirsty, thrust it into these natural
     artesians, and thus easily supplied their longings. The crawfish well
     generally contains pure water, and the manner in which the traveller
     drew forth the refreshing element gave him the name of “sucker.”


     233. What was the “Bug” Bible?

     What is known as the “Bug” Bible was printed in 1551, and contained a
     prologue by Tyndall. Its name is derived from the peculiar rendering of
     the fifth verse of the ninety-first Psalm, which is made to read, “So
     that thou shalt not need to be afraid for any bugs by night.”


     234. How is celluloid made?

     A roll of paper is slowly unwound, and at the same time saturated with
     a mixture of five parts of sulphuric acid and two of nitric, which
     falls upon the paper in a fine spray. This changes the cellulose of the
     paper into fine pyroxyline (gun cotton). The excess of acid having been
     expelled by pressure, the paper is washed with plenty of water until
     all traces of acid have been removed; it is then reduced to pulp, and
     passes on to the bleaching trough. Most of the water having been got
     rid of by means of a strainer, the pulp is mixed with from twenty to
     forty per cent. of its weight of camphor, and the mixture thoroughly
     triturated under millstones. The necessary coloring matter having been
     added in the form of powder, a second mixture and grinding follow. The
     finely divided pulp is then spread out in thin layers on slabs, and
     from twenty to twenty-five of these layers are placed in a hydraulic
     press, separated from one another by sheets of thick blotting paper,
     and are subjected to a pressure of one hundred and fifty atmospheres
     until all traces of moisture have been got rid of. The plates thus
     obtained are broken up and soaked for twenty-four hours in alcohol. The
     matter is then passed between rollers heated to between one hundred and
     forty and one hundred and fifty degrees Fahrenheit, whence it issues
     in the form of elastic sheets. Celluloid is made to imitate amber,
     tortoise-shell, coral, malachite, ebony, ivory, etc., and besides
     its employment in dentistry, is used to make mouthpieces for pipes
     and cigar-holders, handles for table-knives and umbrellas, combs,
     shirt-fronts and collars, and a number of fancy articles.


     235. When is “Ground Hog Day”?

     Candlemas day (Feb. 2). In Germany’s folklore there is a superstition
     that the badger, on that day, peeps out of his hole, and when he finds
     snow, walks abroad; but if he sees the sun shining, draws back into his
     hole. This latter action, so the legend goes, signifies that the winter
     weather is not over, the sun’s rays being too prematurely warm for the
     season. Doubtless the superstition concerning the ground hog in this
     country is derived from the above source.


     236. Where are our Presidents buried?

     Washington was buried at Mount Vernon, Va.; John Adams, at Quincy,
     Mass.; Jefferson, at Monticello, Va.; Madison, at Montpelier, Va.;
     Monroe, at Richmond, Va.; John Quincy Adams, at Quincy, Mass.; Jackson,
     at the Hermitage, near Nashville, Tenn.; Van Buren, at Kinderhook, N.
     Y.; Harrison, at North Bend, Ind.; Tyler, at Richmond, Va.; Polk, at
     Nashville, Tenn.; Taylor, at Washington, D. C.; Fillmore, at Buffalo,
     N. Y.; Pierce, at Concord, N. H.; Buchanan, at Lancaster, Pa.; Lincoln,
     at Springfield, Ill.; Johnson, at Greenville, Tenn.; Garfield, at
     Cleveland, Ohio; and Grant, at Riverside Park, New York City; Arthur,
     at Albany, N. Y.


     237. Which is the “Modern Athens”?

     This name is often given to Edinburgh, on account of its many noble
     literary institutions, the taste and culture of the people, the many
     distinguished men who have issued from it or resided in it, and the
     high character of its publications; and also on account of a marked
     resemblance to Athens in its topographical position and its general
     appearance.

     The same epithet is applied to Boston, Mass., a city remarkable for the
     high intellectual character of its citizens, and for its many excellent
     literary, scientific, and educational institutions and publications.


     238. What was the origin of the term “Old Harry”?

     It has been suggested that this vulgar appellation for the devil comes
     from the Scandinavian _Hari_ or _Heira_, names of Odin, who
     came in time to be degraded from his rank of a god to that of a fiend
     or evil spirit.

     According to Henley, the hirsute honors of the Satan of the ancient
     religious stage procured him the name _Old Hairy_, corrupted into
     Old Harry.


     239. What was the origin of the terms “Whig” and “Tory”?

     These designations of political parties in English, and more lately in
     American history, were originally applied as terms of reproach. There
     are three accounts for the origin of the term Whig.

     1. That it is derived from _whig_, whey, which the Scottish
     Covenanters used to drink, and hence a name applied to them.

     2. That it is a contraction of _whiggam_, a term used in Scotland
     in driving horses, or from _whiggamore_, a driver of horses.
     In 1648 a party of these people marched to Edinburgh to oppose the
     king and the Duke of Hamilton. “This,” says Burnet, “was called the
     Whiggamore’s inroad; and ever after all that opposed the court came in
     contempt to be called _whiggs_; and from Scotland the word was
     brought into England.”

     3. That it is formed from the initials of the motto, “_We hope in
     God_,” the motto of the club from which the Whig party took its rise.

     The term Tory is derived from an Irish term applied, says Roger North,
     to “the most despicable savages among the wild Irish”; and the name was
     first given to the followers of the Duke of York, in 1679, because he
     favored Irishmen.

     Another account of its origin is that it is derived from _toree_,
     give me (sc. your money), a term used by the Irish robbers.


     240. Who invented decimal fractions?

     The inventor of decimal fractions was Simon Stevin, of Bruges, whose
     tract, published in 1585, was entitled the “Disme.” But the simple plan
     we now have was not then invented. He used circles to designate the
     numbers that showed the value of the figures; thus, he wrote 27.847 as
     27 (0) 8 (1) 4 (2) 7 (3), and read it as 27 commencements, 8 primes,
     4 seconds, 7 thirds. The (0) showed the zero point, the (1) showed
     tenths, and so on. These terms “primes,” “seconds,” “thirds,” etc.,
     have disappeared. “Primes” were the first to the right of the whole
     numbers, “seconds” the second place, etc.

     Dispute has arisen concerning the origin of the simpler notation by
     means of the decimal point, whether used before the fraction alone,
     or as separating it from the integer. Napier claimed the discovery,
     so also has De Morgan. But Mr. Glaisher, in a paper read before the
     mathematical section of the British Association, seems to establish
     Napier’s priority in introducing the decimal point into arithmetic.
     The full modern use of it was first exemplified in a posthumous work
     of Napier’s called “Mirifici Logarithmorum Canon’s Constructio,”
     edited by his son, in 1619, where the formal definition of the decimal
     separator is given and illustrated, and the point subsequently used in
     operation as we now use it. Briggs, who died in 1631, constantly used
     an underscored line to distinguish the decimal part of a number; and
     Oughtred, one of his followers, improved on this by using, together
     with the line, a vertical bar to mark the separation still more plainly.


     241. What is the origin of “humbug”?

     The origin of this word is not certainly known. Webster says it is
     probably derived from _hum_, to impose on, to deceive, and
     _bug_, a frightful object, a bugbear.

     Another account states that it is derived from Hamburg, a city of
     Germany: “A piece of Hamburg news” being in Germany a proverbial
     expression for false political rumors.

     A third account gives its origin as follows: “There once lived in
     Scotland a gentleman of landed property whose name was Hume or Home,
     and his estate was called the Bogue. From the great falsehoods which he
     was in the habit of telling about himself, his family, and everything
     connected with them, it became the custom to say when anything
     improbable was stated, ‘Oh, that’s a Hume o’ the Bogue!’ The expression
     spread throughout the neighborhood, and even beyond, and by degrees was
     shortened into humbug by those who did not understand how the phrase
     first came to be used.”

     A fourth account, that of Mr. F. Crosley, suggests the Irish _uim bog_
     (pronounced _umbug_), meaning “soft copper” or “worthless money.” James
     II. issued from the Dublin Mint a mixture of lead, copper, and brass,
     so worthless that a sovereign was intrinsically worth only twopence,
     and might have been bought after the revolution for a half-penny.
     _Sterling_ and _umbug_ were therefore expressive of real and fictitious
     worth, merit and humbug.


     242. What is the history of the poem “Sheridan’s Ride”?

     This famous poem by T. B. Read, beginning, “Up from the south at
     break of day,” has quite a history. The battle of Cedar Creek took
     place before dawn on the morning of Oct. 19, 1863. The Confederate
     forces, under Gen. Early, were gaining the upper hand, when a report
     of the battle reached Gen. Sheridan, who was at Winchester, twenty
     miles distant. Putting spurs to his horse, he hastened to the scene
     of battle, and by his encouragement, turned a threatened defeat into
     a glorious victory. The news of the victory, and the cause of it,
     reached Chicago at nine o’clock. Mr. Read, the poet, was staying there
     at a hotel, and Mr. Murdock, a noted reader, was with him at the time.
     Slapping his friend on the shoulder, Murdock exclaimed: “Read, you must
     write a poem on that subject to-day! By to-morrow others, with less
     ability, will be ahead of you.”

     Mr. Read demurred, but, after half an hour’s talk, yielded to his
     friend’s wishes. He retired to his room, locked the door, and in four
     hours produced one of our grandest national poems.

     His wife and Mr. Murdock praised it enthusiastically. The latter
     especially appreciated the beauty and spirit of the lines, for being a
     personal friend of Gen. Sheridan, he had ridden upon the gallant black
     steed

         “That saved the day
         By carrying Sheridan into the fight
         From Winchester--twenty miles away.”

     Mr. Murdock committed the lines to memory, and that evening, at a
     meeting of rejoicing over the victory, he recited them. An intense
     silence prevailed throughout the hall, broken only by the tones of the
     speaker. As the last words of the grand poem left his lips, storms of
     applause shook the building. Coming so soon after the victory, while
     the people were still flushed with their success, it wrought the
     audience up to an excitement which could not be controlled. Every one
     supposed that Mr. Murdock had composed the poem, and he was overwhelmed
     with expressions of congratulation and praise. But he, directing the
     attention of the crowd to the box where the poet sat, exclaimed, “There
     is the man who wrote the poem!”


     243. Which is the longest word in the English language?

     Disproportionableness is the longest classified word in our language.


     244. What gems are the emblems of the Twelve Apostles?

     ANDREW, the bright blue _sapphire_, emblematic of his heavenly faith.

     BARTHOLOMEW, the red _carnelian_, emblematic of his martyrdom.

     JAMES, the white _chalcedony_, emblematic of his purity.

     JAMES THE LESS, the _topaz_, emblematic of delicacy.

     JOHN, the _emerald_, emblematic of his youth and gentleness.

     MATTHEW, the _amethyst_, emblematic of sobriety. Matthew was once a
     “publican,” but was “sobered” by the leaven of Christianity.

     MATTHIAS, the _chrysolite_, pure as sunshine.

     PETER, the _jasper_, hard and solid as the rock of the church.

     PHILIP, the friendly _sardonyx_.

     SIMEON OF CANA, the pink _hyacinth_, emblematic of a sweet temper.

     THADDEUS, the _chrysoprase_, emblematic of security and trustfulness.

     THOMAS, the _beryl_, indefinite in lustre, emblematic of his doubting
     faith.


     245. What is the origin of “bogus”?

     According to the Boston _Daily Courier_ of June 12, 1857,
     this word originated as follows: “The word ‘bogus,’ we believe, is
     a corruption of the name of one _Borghese_, a very corrupt
     individual, who, twenty years ago or more, did a tremendous business
     in the way of supplying the great West, and portions of the Southwest,
     with a vast amount of counterfeit bills, and bills on fictitious
     banks, which never had any existence out of the ‘forgetive brain’ of
     him, the said ‘Borghese.’ The Western people, who are rather rapid in
     their talk, when excited, soon fell into the habit of shortening the
     Norman name of Borghese to the more handy one of Bogus; and his bills,
     and all other bills of like character, were universally styled ‘bogus
     currency.’”


     246. Why is buckwheat so called?

     The word “buckwheat” is a corruption of beechwheat. It is so called
     from the similarity of the shape of its grains to the mast or nuts of
     the beech-tree.


     247. Who originated tarring and feathering?

     Richard Cœur de Lion seems to have originated tarring and feathering.
     Hoveden, quoted by Dr. Hook in his “Lives of the Archbishops of
     Canterbury,” says that Richard, when he sailed for the Holy Land, made
     sundry laws for the regulation of his fleet, one of which enacted that
     “a robber who shall be convicted of theft shall have his head cropped
     after the manner of a champion, and boiling pitch shall be poured
     thereon, and then the feathers of a cushion shall be shaken out upon
     him, so that he may be known, and at the first land at which the ship
     shall touch he shall be set on shore.”


     248. What is the meaning of the phrase “By Jingo”?

     Jingo is a corruption of Jainko, the name of the Basque Supreme Being.
     “By Jingo!” or “By the living Jingo!” is an appeal to deity. Edward I.
     had Basque mountaineers conveyed to England to take part in his Welsh
     wars, and the Plantagenets held the Basque provinces in possession.
     This Basque oath is a landmark of these facts.


     249. Who is “Old Nick”?

     This vulgar and ancient name for the devil is derived from that of the
     _Neck_, or _Nikke_, a river or ocean god of the Scandinavian
     popular mythology. “The British sailor,” says Scott, “who fears nothing
     else, confesses his terrors for this terrible being, and believes him
     the author of almost all the various calamities to which the precarious
     life of a seaman is so continually exposed.” Butler, the author of
     “Hudibras,” erroneously derives the term from the name of _Nicolo_
     Macchiavelli.


     250. Who was “Rare Ben”?

     This famous appellation was conferred upon Ben Jonson (1574–1637), the
     dramatic poet. It is said that soon after his death, a subscription was
     commenced for the purpose of erecting a monument to his memory; but the
     undertaking having advanced slowly, an eccentric Oxfordshire squire
     took the opportunity, on passing one day through Westminster Abbey,
     to secure at least an epitaph for the poet by giving a mason eighteen
     pence to cut, on the stone which covered the grave, the words, “O, rare
     Ben Johnson.”


     251. What was the origin of Thanksgiving Day?

     In 1621, the year after Plymouth Colony was founded, Gov. Bradford
     set apart a day for thanksgiving for the yield of the harvests. Two
     years after that, there was a great drought, and the people were
     devoting a day to fasting and prayer, when their sorrows were turned
     into praise and thanksgiving by a generous fall of rain. From that
     time it gradually became an established custom to have a day of praise
     and thanksgiving after harvests. When the Colonies became the New
     England States, the custom was kept up, the day being proclaimed by
     the governors of the several States. A day of prayer was recommended
     by Congress during the Revolution, and by Washington after the
     adoption of the Constitution. This was continued by some of the later
     Presidents. In 1863, Lincoln proclaimed that a _National Thanksgiving
     Day_ should be observed in remembrance of the recent victories
     and the general manifestation of God’s goodness and mercy. This has
     been annually issued since, and now custom has fixed it as the fourth
     Thursday in November.


     252. Whose wife was Adam?

     Adam’s. “Male and female created He them; and blessed them, and called
     _their_ name Adam, in the day when they were created.” Genesis v.
     2.


     253. Whose daughter was Noah?

     Zelophehad’s. “Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of
     Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of
     the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names
     of his daughters: Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah and Tirzah.”
     Numbers xxvii. 1.


     254. Who are the “Hairy Men”?

     The Ainos, who are supposed to be the aborigines of Japan. They
     are distinguished by an exuberance of hair on the head and body, a
     circumstance which has given rise to their name of “Hairy Kuriles.”
     They are different in race and character from the ordinary Japanese.
     Legend says that the Japanese were originally Ainos, but became a
     separate race by intermarriage with the Chinese. They are now found
     chiefly in the island of Yesso.


     255. Where was the Declaration of Independence written?

     Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence in the second story,
     front room, of house No. 230 High Street, now 700 Market Street,
     Philadelphia.


     256. What is the Golden Number of a year, and how determined?

     The Golden Number for any year is the number of that year in the
     Metonic cycle, and as this cycle embraces nineteen years, the golden
     number ranges from one to nineteen. The cycle of Meton came into
     general use soon after its discovery, and the number of each year in
     the Metonic cycle was ordered to be engraved in letters of gold on
     pillars of marble--hence the origin of the name. Since the introduction
     of the Gregorian calendar, the point from which the golden numbers
     are numbered is 1 B. C., as in that year the new moon fell on the 1st
     of January; and as by Meton’s law, it falls on the same day (Jan. 1)
     every nineteenth year from that time, we obtain the following rule for
     obtaining the golden number of any particular year: “Add one to the
     number of years and divide by nineteen; the quotient gives the number
     of cycles, and the remainder gives the golden number for that year;
     and if there be no remainder, then nineteen is the golden number, and
     that year is the last of the cycle.” The golden number is used for
     determining the Epact and the time of holding Easter.


     257. What were the causes of the American Revolution?

     The most general cause of the American Revolution was the _right of
     arbitrary government_, claimed by Great Britain and denied by the
     Colonies. There were subordinate causes. First of these was _the
     influence of France_, which was constantly exerted so as to incite a
     spirit of resistance in the Colonies. Another cause was found in _the
     natural disposition and inherited character of the colonists_.
     _The growth of public opinion in the Colonies_ tended to
     independence. Another cause was found in _the personal character of
     the king_. The more immediate cause was the passage by Parliament of
     _a number of acts destructive of colonial liberty_.


     258. How was the first colonial Congress constituted?

     At Boston, James Otis successfully agitated the question of an American
     Congress. It was proposed that each Colony, acting without leave of the
     king, should appoint delegates, who should meet in the following autumn
     and discuss the affairs of the nation. The proposition was favorably
     received, nine of the Colonies appointed delegates, and on the 7th of
     October, 1765, the first Colonial Congress assembled at New York. There
     were twenty-eight representatives. Timothy Ruggles, of Massachusetts,
     was chosen president. After much discussion, a Declaration of Rights
     was adopted, setting forth in unmistakable terms that the American
     colonists, as Englishmen, could not and would not consent to be taxed
     but by their own representatives. Memorials were also prepared and
     addressed to the two Houses of Parliament. A manly petition, professing
     loyalty and praying for a more just and humane policy toward his
     American subjects, was directed to the king.


     259. What were the terms of the Treaty of 1783?

     The terms of the Treaty of 1783 were briefly these: A full and complete
     recognition of the independence of the United States; the recession by
     Great Britain of Florida to Spain; the surrender of all the remaining
     territory east of the Mississippi and south of the Great Lakes to the
     United States; the free navigation of the Mississippi and the Lakes by
     American vessels; the concession of mutual rights in the Newfoundland
     fisheries; and the retention by Great Britain of Canada and Nova
     Scotia, with the exclusive control of the St. Lawrence River.


     260. What were the leading defects of the Confederation?

     1. There was an utter want of all coercive authority in the Continental
     Congress to carry into effect any of their constitutional measures. 2.
     There was no power in the Continental Congress to punish individuals
     for any breach of their enactments. Their laws must be wholly without
     penal sanction. 3. They had no power to lay taxes, or to collect
     revenue for the public service. The power over taxes was expressly and
     exclusively reserved to the States. 4. They had no power to regulate
     commerce, either with foreign nations or among the several States.
     It was left, with respect to both, exclusively to the management of
     each particular State, thus being at the mercy of private interests
     or local prejudices. 5. As might be expected, “the most opposite
     regulations existed in different States, and there was a constant
     resort to retaliatory legislation from their jealousies and rivalries
     in commerce, in agriculture, or in manufactures. Foreign nations did
     not fail to avail themselves of all the advantages accruing from
     this suicidal policy tending to the common ruin.” 6. For want of
     some singleness of power,--a power to act with uniformity and one to
     which all interests could be reconciled,--foreign commerce was sadly
     crippled, and nearly destroyed. The country was deeply in debt, without
     a dollar to pay, or the means even to draw a dollar into the public
     treasury, and what money there was in the country was rapidly making
     its way abroad. 7. Great as these embarrassments were, the States,
     full of jealousy, were tenaciously opposed to making the necessary
     concessions to remedy the great and growing evil. All became impressed
     with the fear, that, unless a much stronger national government could
     be instituted, all that had been gained by the Revolutionary struggle
     would soon be lost.


     261. What were the Alien and Sedition Laws?

     Two laws passed by Congress in 1798. The Alien Law empowered the
     President to send out of the country, at short notice, any foreigners
     whose presence might be deemed injurious or prejudicial to the
     interests of the United States, and lengthened the time requisite for
     becoming naturalized citizens of the United States to fourteen years.
     The Sedition Law limited the freedom of speech, and of the press when
     directed abusively against the government. Under this act it was a
     crime punishable with heavy fine and long imprisonment “to write,
     print, utter, or publish any false, scandalous, or malicious statement
     against either President or Congress.” These laws did much to defeat
     Adams’s re-election in 1800.


     262. What were the principal causes of the late Civil War?

     The _principal_ causes of the Civil War were five in number: 1.
     The different construction put upon the national Constitution by the
     people of the North and the South. 2. The different system of labor
     in the North and in the South. 3. The want of intercourse between the
     people of the North and the South. 4. The publication of sectional
     books. 5. The evil influence of demagogues.


     263. What is the title of the Czar of Russia?

     Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of
     Vladimir, of Novgorod; Czar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of
     Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi; Gosondar of Pskoff; Grand Duke
     of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland;
     Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the
     Samoyedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm,
     of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand
     Duke of the lower countries in Novgorod, of Tchernigoff, of Riazan,
     of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bielosersk, of Ondork, of
     Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitelsk, of Mstilaff, and of all the countries
     of the North; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnisk, of Kalardinsk,
     and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of
     Tcherkask, Master of Turkestan, Heir-presumptive of Norway, and Duke of
     Sleswick-Holstein, of Stormarne, of Duthmarse, and of Oldenburg.


     264. What was the origin of the phrase “To speak for Buncombe”?

     This phrase, which means to speak for mere show, or for purposes of
     political intrigue, originated in the Sixteenth Congress, near the
     close of the debate on the famous “Missouri Question.” Felix Walker, a
     _naïve_ old mountaineer, who resided at Waynesville, in Haywood,
     the most western county of North Carolina, near the border of the
     adjacent county of Buncombe, arose to speak, while the house was
     impatiently calling for the “_Question_.” Several members gathered
     round him and insisted on his silence, but he continued to speak,
     declaring that the people of his district expected it, and that he was
     bound to “make a speech for Buncombe.” Hence the phrases, “To speak for
     Buncombe,” “All for Buncombe,” etc.


     265. What President was buried at the expense of his friends?

     James Monroe, although he had received $350,000 for his public
     services, yet, on account of the free-handed hospitality so
     characteristic of his native State (Virginia) in her palmy days,
     together with his life-long occupation in public affairs to the neglect
     of his own estate, was so involved in debt, at the time of his death,
     that his funeral expenses were met by his friends.


     266. What President married the same lady twice?

     In the summer of 1791, Andrew Jackson married Mrs. Rachel Robards,
     a daughter of Col. John Donelson, of Virginia, one of the founders
     of Tennessee. Her first husband was Mr. Lewis Robards, of Kentucky.
     Robards and his wife were boarding with Mrs. Donelson, then a widow,
     when Jackson arrived at Nashville, and took up his residence in the
     same family. In 1790–1791, Robards applied to the Legislature of
     Virginia for an act preliminary to a divorce, stating that his wife
     was living in adultery with Andrew Jackson. The act was passed, under
     it a jury was summoned late in 1793, and the court of Mercer County,
     Ky., declared the marriage between Lewis Robards and Rachael Robards
     dissolved. Jackson and Mrs. Robards believed the act passed by the
     Legislature was itself a divorce, and they were married at Natchez
     two years before the action of the court. At the suggestion of their
     friend Judge Overton, who also was surprised to learn that the act of
     the Legislature had not divorced Robards, they procured a license in
     January, 1794, and had the ceremony performed again. When Gen. Jackson
     had become the chief of a great party, the circumstances of this
     marriage led to very serious misrepresentations. Robards was prone to
     jealousy without cause, and Jackson was not the first man of whom he
     was jealous. His statement to the Legislature of Virginia is believed
     to have been wholly unfounded. His relatives all sided with his wife,
     and never supposed her to be guilty of even an act of impropriety.


     267. Why is Alaska so called?

     In the dialect of the natives first encountered by the Russian
     explorers, the land was called _Al-ay-es-ka_, “the great land.”
     From this the present name has become changed through _Aliaska_
     and _Alaksa_ to its present form.


     268. Who was the nearest common ancestor of nearly all the reigning
     monarchs of Europe?

     John of Gaunt (1339–1399), fourth son of Edward III. of England,
     although he himself was never a king, nor were any of his brothers or
     sisters even sovereigns, was the common ancestor of nearly all the
     crowned heads of Christendom. The monarchs descended from him are
     Victoria, Queen of England, who is of the sixteenth generation; Louis
     I., King of Portugal, of the fifteenth generation; Alphonzo XII., the
     late King of Spain, of the sixteenth generation; Francis Joseph I.,
     Emperor of Austria, of the fifteenth generation; Leopold II., King of
     Belgium, of the seventeenth generation; Christian IX., King of Denmark,
     of the sixteenth generation; Humbert, King of Italy, of the sixteenth
     generation; George I., King of Greece, of the seventeenth generation;
     Alexander III., Emperor of Russia, of the eighteenth generation;
     William I., Emperor of Germany, of the sixteenth generation; Dom Pedro
     II., Emperor of Brazil, is of the fourteenth generation, the nearest of
     kin to the English progenitor; the late Chambord (Henry V.), claimant
     of the French throne, was of the sixteenth generation; and Louis
     Philippe Albert, Prince d’Orleans, the Orleanist claimant of the French
     throne, is of the seventeenth generation.


     269. Who was the “Red Prince”?

     Prince Frederick Charles Nicholas, of Germany (1828–1885), a nephew
     of Emperor William I., was so called from his favorite attire,--the
     scarlet uniform of his Brandenburg Hussars, which he loved far more
     than the full glitter of his highest honors.


     270. Why is New Jersey called a foreign country?

     In the early days of railways the New Jersey Legislature chartered
     the Camden and Amboy Railroad, but neglected to impose a tax upon
     its earnings or plant. A few years later, when it became a valuable
     property, the State, unable to modify the charter, levied a State tax
     upon each passenger carried. This tax fell upon travellers who lived
     outside the State as well as Jerseymen, and the former, because they
     were taxed to pass through it, facetiously termed New Jersey a foreign
     country.


     271. Why is Canada so called?

     Charlevoix says that this name is from an Iroquois word _Kannata_,
     a collection of huts. There is, however, a Spanish tradition that
     some Spanish explorers visiting the country in search of gold, and
     finding no mines, or other appearance of riches, said, _Aca Nada_,
     “Here is nothing,” which, being repeated by the natives to subsequent
     visitors from Europe, was supposed to be the name of the country.


     272. Which is the “Railroad City”?

     Indianapolis, the largest city in the United States situated on
     non-navigable waters. The first railway entered the city in 1847.
     Now, twelve main lines converge in the Union Depot. About a hundred
     passenger trains, connected with every part of the country, enter and
     depart daily. The numerous tracks being on a level with the surface
     of the streets, the obstruction and danger at the numerous crossings
     became very great on account of the increase of railway traffic, so
     that in 1877 a loop line, called the “Belt,” had to be made, passing
     round the city, to connect the various railways. By means of it the
     “through freight-cars” are conveyed past the city without blocking the
     traffic.


     273. Which is the “Sage Brush State”?

     The flora of Nevada is so scanty and so characterized by sage-brush, or
     Artemisia, that this State is often nicknamed the “Sage Brush State.”
     Artemisia is a low, irregular shrub, with thick crooked stems, growing
     in dry alkaline soils, which without irrigation will produce nothing
     else.


     274. What ancient city brought about its own destruction by an
     ill-timed jest?

     Antioch, the ancient capital of the Greek kings of Syria, was one of
     the most magnificent cities of the ancient world. The Antiochenes
     themselves brought about the destruction of their beautiful city. They
     were famous above all other people in ancient times for their biting
     and scurrilous wit, and for their ingenuity in devising nicknames;
     and when the Persians under Chosroes invaded Syria, in 538 A. D., the
     Antiochenes could not refrain from jesting at them. The Persians took
     ample revenge by the total destruction of the city, which, however, was
     rebuilt by Justinian. It was in this city that the followers of Christ
     were first called Christians.


     275. Who was Washington’s wife?

     Her maiden name was Martha Dandridge. She was born at Kent, Va., May
     17, 1732. At the age of seventeen, she was married to Col. John Parke
     Custis, by whom she had three children. Within a few years she lost her
     eldest son and her husband. She was a charming widow of twenty-six when
     Washington first met her at the house of a Mr. Chamberlayne. After a
     short acquaintance, they were married Jan. 6, 1759. She died May 22,
     1802.


     276. What was the height of Goliath?

     According to Samuel, he was “six cubits and a span.” Mr. Greaves gives
     the length of the cubit as twenty-one inches, and the span nine inches.
     This would make Goliath’s height about eleven feet three inches.


     277. What is the balm of Gilead?

     The balm of Gilead, also called balsam of Mecca and Opobalsam,
     is obtained from a low tree or shrub, the _balsamodendron
     Gileadense_, which grows in several parts of Arabia and Abyssinia.
     To obtain the juice, the bark of the tree is cut at the time when the
     sap is in its strongest period of circulation. As the juices ooze
     through the wound they are received into small earthen bottles, every
     day’s produce being poured into large bottles and corked. When fresh,
     the smell of the balsam is exquisitely fragrant, but if left exposed to
     the atmosphere it loses this quality. The quantity of balsam yielded
     by one tree is said never to exceed sixty drops in a day. It is,
     therefore, very scarce, and can with difficulty be procured in a pure
     and unadulterated state, even at Constantinople.


     278. What was the origin of the barber’s pole?

     In former times barbers served the public in the capacity of surgeons,
     and performed the act of bleeding, that being a favorite remedy with
     our ancestors. The pole represented the staff held by the person being
     bled, and the spiral stripes painted around it were typical of the two
     bandages used for twisting around the arm previous to the bleeding and
     after the operation had been performed. The blue stripes and stars
     sometimes seen were probably introduced by some barber endowed with
     more patriotism than love of ancient customs.


     279. Which is the “youngest Territory”?

     Wyoming. It was organized by the act of Congress approved July 25,
     1868, from portions of Dakota, Idaho, and Utah. The first settlements
     within its limits were made in 1867, during the progress of the Union
     Pacific Railroad, although there had been a garrison at Port Laramie
     since 1834.


     280. Why was the shamrock adopted as the emblem of Ireland?

     The shamrock is said to have been first assumed as the badge of Ireland
     from the circumstance that St. Patrick made use of it to illustrate
     the doctrine of the Trinity. The story as told by Lover is as follows:
     “When St. Patrick first preached the Christian faith in Ireland, before
     a powerful chief and his people, when he spoke of one God and of the
     Trinity, the chief asked how one could be in three. St. Patrick,
     instead of attempting a theological definition of the faith, thought
     a simple image would best serve to enlighten a simple people, and,
     stooping to the earth, he plucked from the green sod a _shamrock_,
     and holding up the trefoil before them, he bid them there behold one
     in three. The chief, struck by the illustration, asked at once to be
     baptized, and all his sept followed his example.”


     281. What was the origin of “April Fool”?

     How the custom of making fools on the first of April arose is not
     certainly known, but there are several accounts of its origin, viz.:--

     1. It is, perhaps, a travesty of the sending hither and thither of
     the Saviour from Annas to Caiaphas, and from Pilate to Herod, because
     during the Middle Ages this scene in Christ’s life was made the subject
     of a miracle play at Easter, which occurs in the month of April.

     2. As March 25 used to be New-Year’s Day, April 1 was its octave, when
     its festivities culminated and ended.

     3. There is a tradition among the Jews that it arose from the fact
     that Noah sent out the dove on the first of the month corresponding
     to our April, before the water had abated. To perpetuate the memory
     of the great deliverance of Noah and his family, it was customary on
     this anniversary to punish persons who had forgotten the remarkable
     circumstance connected with the date, by sending them on some bootless
     errand, similar to that on which the patriarch sent the luckless bird
     from the window of the ark.

     4. The custom refers to the uncertainty of the weather at this period.

     5. It is a relic of some old heathen festival; and it is curious that
     the Hindoos practise similar tricks on the 31st of March, when they
     hold what is called the Huli Festival.

     The custom, whatever is its origin, appears to be universal throughout
     Europe. In France the person imposed upon is called _un poisson
     d’Avril_ (an April fish). In England and the United States such a
     person is called an April fool; in Scotland, a gowk.


     282. What was the origin of the phrase “getting into a scrape”?

     “The deer are addicted, at certain seasons, to dig up the land with
     their fore-feet, in holes, to the depth of a foot, or even half a yard.
     These are called ‘scrapes.’ To tumble into one of these is sometimes
     done at the cost of a broken leg; hence a man who finds himself in an
     unpleasant position, from which extrication is difficult, is said to
     have ‘got into a scrape.’”


     283. To what does the phrase “fitting to a T” refer?

     This phrase refers to the T or Tee Square, an instrument used in
     drawing and mechanics; so called from its resemblance to a capital T.


     284. What well-known hymn was composed in a few minutes?

     The celebrated hymn, “From Greeland’s icy mountains,” etc., was
     composed at Wrexham in 1819. On Whitsunday in that year Dr. Shipley,
     Dean of St. Asaph and Vicar of Wrexham, preached a sermon in his church
     on behalf of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Heber
     was son-in-law to Dr. Shipley and was on a visit. The doctor on the
     previous Saturday asked Heber to “write something for them to sing in
     the morning,” and in a few minutes, without leaving the room, Heber
     produced the hymn now so well known all over the world. He was then in
     his thirty-sixth year, and was rector of Hodnet.


     285. Why was the magnet so called?

     The word “magnet” is derived from the name of the city of Magnesia, in
     Asia Minor, where the properties of the loadstone are said to have been
     discovered. So far one authority. Another derives it from the name of
     Magnes, a shepherd, who is said to have discovered the magnetic power
     through being detained on Mount Ida by the magnetism of the mountain
     attracting the nails in his shoes, so that he was unable to move from
     the spot.


     286. What was the “Vinegar Bible”?

     This was a name given to an edition of the Bible, published in 1717
     at the Clarendon Press, Oxford. By a ludicrous misprint, the title
     of the twentieth chapter of Luke was made to read “Parable of the
     _Vinegar_” instead of “Parable of the _Vineyard_”; hence the
     name.


     287. What were the “Breeches Bibles”?

     This name was given to editions of the so-called Genevan Bible (first
     printed at Geneva, by Rowland Hall, 1560, in 4to), from the peculiar
     rendering of Gen. iii. 7.


     288. Who is “Johnny Crapaud”?

     “This is a sportive designation of a Frenchman, or of the French nation
     collectively considered. The following account has been given of the
     origin of this name: ‘When the French took the city of Aras from the
     Spaniards, under Louis XIV., after a long and most desperate siege, it
     was remembered that Nostradamus had said,--

         ‘Les anciens _crapauds_ prendront Sara.’

         (The ancient toads shall Sara take.)

     This line was then applied to this event in a very roundabout manner.
     _Sara_ is Aras backward. _By the ancient toads_ were meant
     the French; as that nation formerly had for its armorial bearings three
     of those odious reptiles, instead of the three flowers-de-luce which it
     now bears.”


     289. Who is “Cousin Michael”?

     This is a sportive and disparaging designation of the German people,
     intended to indicate the weaknesses and follies of the national
     character, and especially the proverbial national slowness, heaviness,
     and credulity. The name _Michel_ is often used as a contemptuous
     designation of any simple, coarse rustic, and has probably acquired
     this signification through a mingling of the Hebrew with the old German
     _michel_, gross.


     290. Who is “Taffy”?

     This is a sobriquet for a Welshman, or for the Welsh collectively. The
     word is a corruption of _David_, one of the most common of Welsh
     names.


     291. Who is “Ivan Ivanovitch”?

     He is an imaginary personage, who is the embodiment of the
     peculiarities of the Russian people, in the same way as _John
     Bull_ represents the English, and _Johnny Crapaud_ the French
     character. He is described as a lazy, good-natured person.


     292. Who is “John Bull”?

     This is a well-known collective name of the English nation, first used
     in Arbuthnot’s satire, “The History of John Bull,” usually published
     in Swift’s works. In this satire, the French are designated as Lewis
     Baboon, the Dutch as Nicholas Frog, etc. The “History of John Bull” was
     designed to ridicule the Duke of Marlborough.


     293. Who is “Peeping Tom of Coventry”?

     This epithet is given to a person of ungovernable inquisitiveness.
     The term is said to have arisen thus: “The Countess Godiva, bearing
     an extraordinary affection to this place (Coventry), often and
     earnestly besought her husband (Leofric, Earl of Murcia), that, for
     the love of God and the blessed Virgin, he would free it from that
     grievous servitude whereunto it was subject; but he, rebuking her for
     importuning him in a matter so inconsistent with his profit, commanded
     that she should thenceforth forbear to move therein; yet she, out of
     her womanish pertinacity, continued to solicit him; insomuch that he
     told her if she would ride on horseback, naked, from one end of the
     town to the other, in the sight of all the people, he would grant her
     request. Whereunto she answered, ‘But will you give me leave so to do?’
     And he replying ‘yes’ the noble lady, upon an appointed day, got on
     horseback, naked, with her hair loose, so that it covered all her body
     but her legs, and thus performing the journey, returned with joy to her
     husband, who therefore granted to the inhabitants a charter of freedom,
     which immunity I rather conceive to have been a kind of manumission
     from some such servile tenure, whereby they then held what they had
     under this great earl, than only a freedom from all manner of toll,
     except horses, as Knighton affirms.” It is said by Rapin, that the
     countess, previous to her riding, commanded all persons to keep within
     doors and from their windows on pain of death; but, notwithstanding
     this severe penalty, there was one person who could not forbear giving
     a look, out of curiosity; but it cost him his life.


     294. What was the “Battle of Spurs”?

     This name is given to the battle of Courtrai (1302), the first great
     engagement between the nobles and the burghers, which, with the
     subsequent battles of Bannockburn, Crecy, and Poictiers, decided
     the fate of feudalism. In this encounter the knights and gentlemen
     of France were entirely overthrown by the citizens of a Flemish
     manufacturing town. The French nobility rushed forward with loose
     bridles, and fell headlong, one after another, into an enormous
     ditch which lay between them and their enemies. The whole army was
     annihilated; and when the spoils were gathered, there were found 4,000
     golden spurs to mark the extent of the knightly slaughter, and give a
     name to the engagement.

     This name is also given to the affair at Guinegate, near Calais (1513),
     in which the English troops under Henry VIII. defeated the French
     forces. The allusion is said to be to the unusual energy of the beaten
     party in _spurring_ off the field.


     295. What city is called “Auld Reekie”?

     This designation is given to Edinburgh on account of its _smoky_
     appearance, as seen from a distance; or, according to others, on
     account of the uncleanliness of its public streets.


     296. Which is the “City of Magnificent Distances”?

     This popular designation is given to the city of Washington, the
     capital of the United States, which is laid out on a very large scale,
     being intended to cover a space four miles and a half long and two
     miles and a half broad, or eleven square miles. The entire site is
     traversed by two sets of streets from seventy to one hundred feet wide,
     at right angles to one another, the whole again intersected obliquely
     by fifteen avenues from one hundred and thirty to one hundred and sixty
     feet wide.


     297. Which is the heaviest metal?

     Platinum was long considered the heaviest metal, but it is now an
     established fact that both osmium and iridium are heavier than
     platinum. The most recent authorities differ as to which of the two is
     the heavier, but there is only a very slight difference. Both metals
     are used for pointing gold pens. Osmium does not fuse at 2870 degrees
     Fahrenheit, the greatest heat yet produced, and is as yet infusible. In
     some of its combinations it is said to be the most poisonous substance
     known.


     298. Which is the lightest metal?

     Lithium. Its specific gravity is only 0.5936, but little more than half
     that of water. It is a soft, ductile, white metal, susceptible of being
     welded and drawn into wire, but has less tenacity than lead. It burns
     brilliantly, and floats upon water and naphtha. It was supposed to be
     a very rare substance, but Bunsen and Kirchhoff have shown by spectrum
     analysis that, though sparingly, it is widely distributed.


     299. What was the origin of “Old Scratch”?

     It has been suggested that the origin of this term must be sought for
     in the _Scrat_, _Schrat_, _Schretel_, or _Schretlein_, a house or wood
     demon of the ancient North.


     300. Which is the “Prairie State”?

     Illinois is so called in allusion to the wide-spread and beautiful
     prairies, which form a striking feature of the scenery of the State.


     301. What is the “Via Dolorosa”?

     The Via Dolorosa (the way of pain) is a name given, since the
     Christian era, to the road at Jerusalem leading from the Mount of
     Olives to Golgotha, which Jesus passed over on his way to the place
     of crucifixion. Upon this road are situated many of the objects
     consecrated by Christian traditions,--the house where the Virgin Mary
     was born, the church erected upon the spot where she fell, when she
     beheld Jesus sink under the weight of the cross, the house of St.
     Veronica, upon whose veil, employed to wipe away his blood and sweat,
     the image of his face was miraculously impressed. The road, which is
     about a mile in length, terminates at the Gate of Judgment.


     302. Which is the “Turpentine State”?

     North Carolina, which produces and exports immense quantities of
     turpentine.


     303. Who is “Black Jack”?

     Gen. John Alexander Logan has been so called from his long, black hair
     and dark complexion.


     304. What was the “Black Hole of Calcutta”?

     This name is commonly given to a certain small and close dungeon in
     Fort William, Calcutta, the scene of one of the most tragic events
     in the history of British India. On the capture of Calcutta, by
     Surajah Dowlah, June 20, 1756, the British garrison, consisting of
     one hundred and forty-six men, being made prisoners, were locked
     up at night in this room, only eighteen feet square, and poorly
     ventilated, never having been intended to hold more than two or three
     prisoners at a time. In the morning, of the one hundred and forty-six
     who were imprisoned, only twenty-three were found alive. In the
     “Annual Register” for 1758 is a narrative of the sufferings of those
     imprisoned, written by Mr. Holwell, one of the number. The “Black Hole”
     is now used as a warehouse.


     305. How did _Stonewall_ Jackson receive his sobriquet?

     This famous appellation of Thomas Jonathan Jackson (1824–1863) had its
     origin in an expression used by the Confederate Gen. Bee, on trying
     to rally his men at the battle of Bull Run, July 21, 1861,--There is
     Jackson standing like a _stone wall_. From that day he was known
     as _Stonewall_ Jackson, and his command as the _Stonewall_
     Brigade.


     306. Which was the “Battle of the Herrings”?

     This name is given by historians to an engagement which took place Feb.
     12, 1429, in which Sir John Fastolfe, an English general, at the head
     of 1,500 men, gained a victory over 6,000 Frenchmen near Orleans, and
     brought a convoy of stores in safety to the English camp before that
     place. The stores comprised a large quantity of herrings.


     307. Which is the “Land of the Incas”?

     Peru. The Incas were the ancient sovereigns of the country. Manco
     Capac, the first Inca, appeared according to the traditions, with
     his sister, Mama Oello, on Titicaca Island, a spot ever after held
     holy. These two, claiming to be children of the sun, were regarded
     as deities, Manco Capac proceeded northward, and, founding Cuzco at
     the spot where his golden staff sank into the ground, introduced
     civilization and art. A powerful kingdom arose and gradually absorbed
     the neighboring tribes.


     308. What Presidential administration has been compared to a
     parenthesis?

     “The administration of Van Buren,” said a bitter satirist, “is like
     a parenthesis: it may be read in a low tone of voice or altogether
     omitted _without injuring the sense_”!


     309. Which was the first Bible printed in America?

     The first Bible printed in this country was John Eliot’s Indian Bible,
     whose title was this: “Mamusse Wunneetupanatumwe Up-Biblum God naneswe
     Nukkone Testament kah wonk Wusku Testament. Ne quoshkinnumuk nashpe
     Wuttineumoh Christ noh osc∞wesit John Eliot.” This was printed in 1663.
     The Indian language in which it was made is extinct, and it is said
     that only one man now living--namely, J. Hammond Trumbull, LL. D., of
     Hartford, Conn.--can read it. The next Bible printed here was Saur’s,
     in German, in 1743; the first English Bible printed here was at Boston,
     in small quarto, in 1752.


     310. What names are given by the Hebrews to the books of the Bible?

     The Jews, or Hebrews, take the names of the sacred books from the first
     word with which each begins; but the Greeks, whom our translators
     generally follow, take the names from the subject-matter of them.
     Thus, the first book is called by the Hebrews, _Bereshith_,
     which signifies “In the beginning,” these being the first words; but
     the Greeks called it Genesis, which signifies “production,” because
     the creation of the world is the first thing of which it gives an
     account. Exodus, which signifies in the Greek “The going out,” was so
     called from the account which it gives of the Israelites going out of
     Egypt; but the Hebrews call it _Velle Shemoth_, that is, “These
     are the names,” which are the words with which it begins. Leviticus
     they call _Vayicre_, that is, “And he called”; Numbers they call
     _Vayedavber_, that is, “And he spake”; Deuteronomy they call
     _Elle-haddebar_, that is, “These are the words”; etc., etc.


     311. What is the national emblematic flower of China and Japan?

     The Chrysanthemum. It receives the most reverential care and attention,
     surpassing by far in devotion that accorded to the fleur-de-lis,
     lilies, roses, and thistles, the emblems of other countries. Each
     recurring year in November, in all the large cities in Japan, and in
     nearly every street, thousands of plants are sold, trained generally to
     one stem, with a solitary large flower of immense size, often ten to
     twelve inches across. A very ordinary flower of some six inches is sold
     for five cents, the very largest specimens being sold for twenty-five
     cents, pot included.


     312. When and by whom was the first steamboat invented?

     The first practical success in steam navigation was made by John
     Fitch, a native of Windsor, Conn., who had settled in New Jersey
     as a silversmith. The happy thought of propelling vessels by steam
     originated with him in 1784. He rapidly matured his plans, and in
     August, 1785, he petitioned Congress for aid in constructing his boat.
     The records of the American Philosophical Society of Philadelphia show
     that “a model, accompanied by a drawing and description of a machine
     for working a boat against a stream by means of a steam-engine, was
     laid before the society by John Fitch on Sept. 27, 1785.” With the
     pecuniary assistance of several gentlemen, he immediately undertook
     to build a steamboat. In the _Columbia Magazine_ for December,
     1786, he gave a description of this vessel and its machinery. A steam
     cylinder over three feet long and one foot in diameter was placed
     horizontally in the bottom of the boat; the steam was let in at each
     end of the cylinder alternately, and after moving a reciprocating
     piston was discharged into a condenser, which formed a vacuum in
     the cylinder behind the moving piston. The force of the piston was
     transmitted to cranks on each side of the boat; which by means of
     connecting bars, moved twelve paddles, three on each side being in
     the water and three out at the same time. On May 1, 1781, Fitch’s
     steamboat, “The Perseverance,” was put in motion on the Delaware
     River, and made three miles an hour. This speed did not satisfy Fitch,
     and various improvements were soon added. The boat, with its greatly
     increased power, was successfully tested in the fall of 1788. The late
     Dr. Thornton, long at the head of the United States Patent Office, and
     many other eminent men, certified that the steamer moved in dead water
     at the rate of eight miles an hour, or one mile in seven and a half
     minutes. With thirty passengers the boat left Philadelphia, and, moving
     against the current of the Delaware, reached Burlington, a distance
     of twenty miles, in three hours and ten minutes. Dr. Thornton stated
     that “The Perseverance” afterwards made eighty miles in one day. This
     speed will excite wonder when the difficulty of keeping the piston
     tight against the comparatively rough interior surface of the cylinder
     is taken into consideration. The steamboat was run for some time as a
     packet to Burlington, but after several mishaps it was burned in 1792.
     But more money was needed to introduce the invention, and the numerous
     stockholders could not be brought to respond to further assessments.
     Fitch himself was cramped for the necessaries of life. He repeatedly
     asserted that the passenger traffic of the great Western rivers would
     one day be carried on exclusively by steam, that ships of war and
     packet ships would navigate the Atlantic by steam, and that some one
     who came after him would reap fame and fortune from his invention.
     Fitch’s claim of invention was contested by James Rumsey, of Maryland,
     who, in 1786, drove a boat on the Potomac, near Sheppardstown, at the
     rate of four miles an hour by means of a water-jet forced out at the
     stern. But a careful examination of the evidence proves that the honor
     of bringing the invention to a successful completion belongs to Fitch.
     It may also be mentioned that a boat was propelled by steam on the
     Conestoga River in 1763 by William Henry, of Chester County, Penn., but
     this was only an experiment, although attended with flattering results,
     and had no permanent effect. It was from Fitch’s labors that Fulton
     first conceived the idea of steam navigation, which has made his name
     famous.


     313. In what American city are burials made entirely above the ground?

     One of the noted features of New Orleans is its cemeteries. Owing to
     the undrained condition of the subsoil, burials are made entirely above
     ground, in tombs of stuccoed brick and of granite and marble. Some of
     these are very elegant and costly, and many of the burial grounds, with
     their long alleys of these tombs of diverse designs deeply shaded by
     avenues of cedars and the _Magnolia grandiflora_, possess a severe
     but emphatic beauty.


     314. Who were the “Three Kings of Cologne”?

     This name is given to the three Magi who came from the East to
     offer gifts to the infant Jesus. Their names are commonly said to
     be Malchior, Gaspar, and Balthazar. Gaspar means “the white one”;
     Malchior, “king of light”; Balthazar, “lord of treasures.” The first
     offered gold, symbolic of kingship; the second, frankincense, symbolic
     of divinity; the third, myrrh, symbolic of death, myrrh being used
     in embalming the dead. Their bodies are said to have been brought by
     the Empress Helena from the East to Constantinople, whence they were
     transferred to Milan. Afterward, in 1164, on Milan being taken by the
     Emperor Frederick, they were presented by him to the Archbishop of
     Cologne, who placed them in the principal church of the city, where,
     says Cressy, “they are to this day celebrated with great veneration.”
     Another tradition gives their names as Apellius, Amerus, and Damascus;
     another as Magalath, Galgalath, and Sarasin; and still another as Ator,
     Sator, and Peratoras.


     315. Which is the highest spot inhabited by human beings?

     It is said to be the Buddhist cloister of Hanie, Thibet, where
     twenty-one priests live at an altitude of sixteen thousand feet.


     316. When was the “Dark Day”?

     May 19, 1780, was so called on account of a remarkable darkness on that
     day extending over all New England. In some places persons could not
     see to read common print in the open air for several hours together.
     Birds sang their evening song, disappeared, and became silent; fowls
     went to roost; cattle sought the barnyard; and candles were lighted in
     the houses. The obscuration began about ten o’clock in the morning,
     and continued till the middle of the next night, but with differences
     of degree and duration in different places. For several days previous
     the wind had been variable, but chiefly from the southwest and the
     northeast. The true cause of this remarkable phenomenon is not known.


     317. When was the “Day of Barricades”?

     May 12, 1588. On this day the Duke of Guise entered Paris, when Henry
     III., at his instigation, consented to take severe measures against the
     Huguenots, on the promise that the duke would assist him in purging
     Paris of strangers and obnoxious persons. No sooner, however, was an
     attempt made to carry out this plan, than the populace arose, erected
     barricades, and attacked the king’s troops with irresistible fury.
     Henry III., having requested the Duke of Guise to put a stop to the
     conflict, fled from Paris, and the moment the duke showed himself to
     the people, they pulled down the barricades.

     This name is also given to Aug. 26, 1648; so called on account of a
     riot, instigated by the leaders of the Fronde, which took place in
     Paris on that day.


     318. Why are the oceans so named?

     When, on the 27th of November, 1520, Ferdinand-Magellan swept into the
     calm waters of that new sea on which he was the first to sail, he named
     it the _Mar Pacifico_, on account of its peacefully rolling waters
     and its freedom from violent storms.

     The Atlantic is so called from the Atlas Mountains near its eastern
     shores, or from the fabled island of Atlantis, which was situated in
     its bosom.

     The Indian Ocean is so called because it lies about India and the
     Indies.

     The Arctic Ocean lies directly under the constellation of the Bear.
     Greek Αρκτος, a bear.

     The Antarctic Ocean lies opposite to the Arctic. Greek ’αντί, against.


     319. What was the “El Dorado”?

     El Dorado, or the golden land, was a name given by the Spaniards
     to an imaginary country, supposed, in the sixteenth century, to
     be situated in the interior of South America, between the rivers
     Orinoco and Amazon, and abounding in gold and all manner of precious
     stones. Expeditions were fitted out for the purpose of discovering
     this fabulous region; and, though all such attempts proved abortive,
     the rumors of its existence continued to be believed down to the
     beginning of the eighteenth century. It is said that the name was at
     first applied, not to a country, but to a man, “el rey dorado.” Sir
     Walter Raleigh, in his “Discovery of the Large, Rich, and Beautiful
     Empire of Guiana,” gives a description of the rising of this gilded
     king, whose chamberlains, every morning after having rubbed his naked
     body with aromatic oils, blew powdered gold over it through long
     _sarbacans_. After the name came to be used as the designation of
     a country, it seems to have been variously applied, and the expeditions
     in search of the golden land had different destinations. Francisco
     Orellana, a companion of Pizarro, was the first to spread the account
     of this fabulous region in Europe.


     320. What people formed the first temperance society?

     The Rechabites. “But they said, We will drink no wine; for Jonadab the
     son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall drink no wine,
     neither ye nor your sons forever.”--JEREMIAH xxxv. 6.


     321. Where is the “Bridge of Sighs”?

     The “Bridge of Sighs” is a name popularly given to the covered
     passageway which connects the Doge’s palace in Venice with the state
     prisons, from the circumstance that the condemned prisoners were
     transported over the bridge from the hall of judgment to the place of
     execution. This bridge was built in 1589 by Da Ponte. Hood has used the
     name as the title of one of his poems.


     322. In what country does grass grow upon trees?

     The grass-tree is a native of Australia. It belongs to the order
     _Liliaceæ_. These trees are especially distinguished by their
     crowns of long, pendulous, grass-like leaves, from the centre of which
     arises a long stalk bearing at its summit a dense flower spike looking
     somewhat like a large cat-tail. Some species have very short stems,
     while others have trunks six to eighteen feet high, which, with their
     singular tufts of leaves, form a striking feature in the Australian
     landscape. The grassy leaves are gathered as food for cattle, and their
     tender base is often relished by man.


     323. What is the origin of the phrase “To row up Salt River”?

     This phrase has its origin in the fact that there is a small stream
     of that name in Kentucky, the passage of which is made difficult
     and laborious as well by its tortuous course as by the abundance of
     shallows and bars. The real application of the phrase is to the unhappy
     wight who has the task of propelling the boat up the stream; but in
     political or slang usage it was to those who are _rowed up_.


     324. Who was the “American Pathfinder”?

     This title is popularly given to Major-General John Charles Fremont,
     who conducted four exploring expeditions across the Rocky Mountains. On
     one instance, when he was intercepted by a range of mountains covered
     with snows, which the Indians declared no man could cross, and over
     which no reward could induce them to attempt to guide him, Fremont
     undertook the passage without a guide, and accomplished it in forty
     days, reaching Sutter’s Fort on the Sacramento with his men reduced
     almost to skeletons, and with only thirty-three out of sixty-seven
     horses and mules remaining. He is also called the “Pathfinder of the
     Rocky Mountains.”


     325. Which is the largest locomotive in the world?

     The largest locomotive in the world is called El Gobernador, built at
     the Central Pacific Railroad shops in Sacramento, Cal., in 1883. The
     engine and tender are sixty-five feet five inches long; there are five
     pairs of drivers, each four feet nine inches in diameter; the cylinders
     are twenty-one inches in diameter, thirty-six inch stroke; there are
     twenty-six wheels, and the weight of the engine is seventy-three tons.


     326. Whence does the cravat obtain its name?

     The cravat is so called from a French regiment of light horse called
     “_the royal Cravate_,” because they were attired in the fashion
     of the Cravates or Croats, as they are now called, inhabitants of an
     Austrian province, who largely composed the Austrian army. In 1636
     the French regiment was uniformed in imitation, as the Zouaves were
     at a later day; and when the neckties worn by these troops became
     fashionable in civil as well as military ranks, the name of the
     regiment was given to the tie.


     327. Who wrote the first English book?

     Sir John Mandeville in 1356. In it he shows a correct idea of the form
     of the earth, and of position in latitude ascertained by observation
     of the Pole Star; he knows that there are antipodes, and that if ships
     were sent on voyages of discovery they might sail round the world. And
     he tells a curious story which he heard in his youth, how a worthy man
     did travel ever eastward until he came to his own country again. But,
     on the other hand, he repeatedly asserts the old belief that Jerusalem
     was in the centre of the world, whilst he maintains in proof of this
     that at the equinox a spear planted erect in Jerusalem casts no shadow
     at noon; which, if true, would only show that the city was on the
     equator.


     328. Who was the first child born of English parents in America?

     Virginia Dare, who was born at Roanoke, on the 18th of August, 1587.
     Her mother, Eleanor Dare, was the daughter of John White, the governor
     of the colony.


     329. What are the “Horse Latitudes”?

     Seamen give this name to a bank or region of calms in the Atlantic
     Ocean, about the parallels of 30–35 degrees north. The name is said
     to be derived from the circumstance that vessels formerly bound from
     New England to the West Indies, with a deck-load of horses, were often
     delayed in this calm belt of Cancer, and, for want of water, were
     obliged to throw the animals overboard.


     330. What city is called “Porkopolis”?

     Cincinnati, one of the greatest American pork markets, is popularly so
     called.


     331. Who was the “Iron Duke”?

     Arthur Wellesley, K. G., Duke of Wellington. According to the Rev. G.
     R. Gleig, this sobriquet arose from the building of an iron steamboat,
     which plied between Liverpool and Dublin, and which its owners called
     the “Duke of Wellington.” The term “Iron Duke” was first applied to
     the vessel; and by and by, rather in jest than in earnest, it was
     transferred to the duke himself. It had no reference whatever, at
     the outset, to any peculiarities or assumed peculiarities in his
     disposition; though, from the popular belief that he never entertained
     a single generous feeling toward the masses, it is sometimes understood
     as a figurative allusion to his supposed hostility to the interests of
     the lower orders.


     332. Where is the “Island of St. Brandan”?

     This marvellous flying island, the subject of many traditions, is
     represented as about ninety leagues in length, lying beyond the
     Canaries. This island appears on most of the maps of the time of
     Columbus, and is laid down in a French geographical chart of as late
     a date as 1755, in which it is placed five degrees west of the island
     of Ferro, in latitude twenty-nine degrees north. The name _St.
     Brandan_, or _Borandan_, given to this imaginary island, is
     said to be derived from an Irish abbot who flourished in the sixth
     century, and concerning whose voyage in search of the Islands of
     Paradise many legends are related. Many expeditions were sent forth in
     quest of this mysterious island, the last being from Spain in 1721; but
     it always eluded the search. The Spaniards believe this lost island
     to be the retreat of their King Rodrigo; the Portuguese assign it to
     their Don Sebastian. “Its reality,” says Irving, “was for a long time a
     matter of firm belief. The public, after trying all kinds of sophistry,
     took refuge in the supernatural to defend their favorite chimera. They
     maintained that it was rendered inaccessible to mortals by Divine
     Providence, or by diabolical magic. Poetry, it is said, has owed to
     this popular belief one of its beautiful fictions, and the garden of
     Armida, where Rinaldo was detained enchanted, and which Tasso places
     in one of the Canary Isles, has been identified with the imaginary San
     Borandan.” The origin of this illusion has been ascribed to certain
     atmospherical deceptions, like that of the _Fata Morgana_.


     333. Where is the “Island of the Seven Cities”?

     This imaginary island is the subject of one of the popular traditions
     concerning the ocean, which were current in the time of Columbus.
     It is represented as abounding in gold, with magnificent houses and
     temples, and high towers that shone at a distance. The legend relates
     that at the time of the conquest of Spain and Portugal by the Moors,
     when the inhabitants fled in every direction to escape from slavery,
     seven bishops, followed by a great number of people, took shipping and
     abandoned themselves to their fate upon the high seas. After tossing
     about for a time, they landed upon an unknown island in the midst of
     the ocean. Here the bishops burned the ships to prevent the desertion
     of their followers, and founded seven cities. This mysterious island
     is said to have been visited at different times by navigators, who,
     however, were never permitted to return.


     334. Why has March 25 been adopted as “Moving Day” in many parts of our
     country?

     Until the adoption of the Gregorian calendar, in 1752, the English
     legal year began on the 25th of March. Consequently on that day all
     leases, etc., expired, lands changed hands, etc. This custom still
     survives in many parts of our own country, and March 25 is our “Moving
     Day.” Under the name of Lady Day, the 25th of March is still one of the
     regular quarter-days in England and Ireland for the payment of rent.


     335. Who was Lalla Rookh?

     This heroine of a poem of the same name by Moore is the daughter of
     the great Aurungzebe. She is betrothed to the young king of Bucharia,
     and sets forth, with a splendid train of attendants, to meet him in
     the delightful valley of Cashmere. To amuse the languor, or divert
     the impatience of the royal bride, in the noontide and night halts
     of her luxurious progress, a young Cashmerian poet had been sent by
     the gallantry of the bridegroom, and recites, on these occasions, the
     several tales that make up the bulk of the poem. With him she falls
     desperately in love, and by the time she enters the lovely vale of
     Cashmere, and sees the glittering palaces and towers prepared for her
     reception, she feels that she would joyfully forego all this pomp and
     splendor, and fly to the desert with the youthful bard whom she adores.
     He, however, has now disappeared from her side, and she is supported,
     with fainting heart and downcast eye, into the presence of her tyrant;
     when a well-known voice bids her be of good cheer, and, looking up,
     she sees her beloved poet in the prince himself, who had assumed this
     gallant disguise, and won her affections without any aid from his rank
     or her engagement.


     336. Which is the “Land of Steady Habits”?

     Connecticut is sometimes so designated, in allusion to the moral
     character of its inhabitants.


     337. Which is the “Lumber State”?

     Maine. The inhabitants of this State are largely engaged in the
     business of cutting and rafting lumber, or of converting it into
     boards, shingles, scantlings, and the like.


     338. What was the “Bible of the Greeks”?

     This name is sometimes applied to the works of Homer and Hesiod, as
     they put into writing the beliefs concerning the gods.


     339. Who was the “Prince of Destruction”?

     This name was conferred upon Tamerlane, or Timour (1335–1405), one
     of the most celebrated of Oriental conquerors, who overran Persia,
     Tartary, and Hindostan, his conquests extending from the Volga to the
     Persian Gulf, and from the Ganges to the Archipelago. He was prevented
     only by the want of shipping from crossing into Europe. He died just as
     he was making vast preparations for the invasion of China. No conquests
     were ever attended with greater cruelty, devastation, and waste of life.


     340. What was the “Luz”?

     This name was given by the old Jewish rabbins to an imaginary little
     bone which they believed to exist at the base of the spinal column, and
     to be incapable of destruction. To its ever-living power, fermented by
     a kind of dew from heaven, they ascribed the resurrection of the dead.

     “Hadrian (whose bones may they be ground, and his name blotted out!)
     asked R. Joshua, Ben Hananiah, ‘How doth a man revive again in the
     world to come?’ He answered and said, ‘From _luz_, in the
     backbone.’ Saith he to him, ‘Demonstrate this to me.’ Then he took
     _luz_, a little bone out of the backbone, and put it in water, and
     it was not steeped; he put it in the fire, and it was not burned; he
     brought it to the mill, and that could not grind it; he laid it on the
     anvil, and knocked it with a hammer, but the anvil was cleft, and the
     hammer broken.” _Lightfoot._


     341. Who was the “Queen of Hearts”?

     Elizabeth, the daughter of James I., and the unfortunate queen of
     Bohemia, was so engaging in her behavior, that she was so called in the
     Low Countries. When her fortunes were at the lowest ebb, she never
     departed from her dignity; and poverty and distress seemed to have no
     other effect upon her but to render her more an object of admiration
     than before.


     342. Why is New Jersey sometimes called “Spain”?

     New Jersey receives this sobriquet from the fact that Joseph Bonaparte,
     the eldest brother of Napoleon, and ex-king of Spain, once occupied
     the extensive grounds and mansion called Point Breeze, at Bordentown,
     in that State. Here he lived for some years under the title of Comte
     de Survilliers, endeared to the inhabitants by his liberality and
     gracious manners, and he was elected to many philanthropical and
     learned associations. An act was passed in 1817 by the Legislature of
     New Jersey to enable him, as an alien, to hold real estate.


     343. Who were the “Roundheads”?

     In English history this nickname was given, in the reign of Charles
     I., to the Puritans or parliamentary party, who were accustomed to
     wear their hair cut close to the head. The term was soon extended in
     its application so as to include all the adherents of the Parliament,
     whether Puritans or not. The origin of the term is not certainly
     known. Some attribute it to the circumstance that staid and serious
     persons at the time of the civil wars were used to wear black skullcaps
     reaching down to the ears. Others say it was because the Puritans
     wore their hair short, while the opposite party, the Cavaliers, wore
     theirs in long ringlets. According to Haydn, the Puritans were in the
     habit of putting a round bowl or wooden dish upon their heads, and
     cutting their hair by the edge or brim. Still another account is,
     that Queen Henrietta Maria, at Stratford’s trial, asked “who that
     _round-headed_ man was,” meaning Mr. Pym, her attention having
     been directed to him “because he spake so strongly.”


     344. What was the origin of the expression “Simon Pure”?

     This expression, which means “the real man,” had its origin in the
     name of a Pennsylvania Quaker in Mrs. Centlivre’s comedy, “A Bold
     Stroke for a Wife.” Being about to visit London to attend the quarterly
     meeting of his sect, his friend, Aminadab Holdfast, sends a letter of
     recommendation and introduction to another Quaker, Obadiah Prim, a
     rigid and stern man, who is guardian of Anne Lovely, a young lady worth
     £30,000. Colonel Feignwell, another character in the same play, who is
     enamoured of Miss Lovely and her handsome fortune, availing himself
     of an accidental discovery of Holdfast’s letter and of its contents,
     succeeds in passing himself off on Prim as his expected visitor. The
     real Simon Pure, calling at Prim’s house, is treated as an impostor,
     and is obliged to depart in order to hunt up witnesses who can testify
     to his identity. Meantime Feignwell succeeds in getting from Prim a
     written and unconditional consent to his marriage with Anne. No sooner
     has he obtained possession of the document, than Simon Pure reappears
     with his witnesses, and Prim discovers the trick that has been put upon
     him.


     345. What was the origin of the phrase “To catch a Tartar”?

     An Irish soldier, in a battle against the Turks, shouted to his
     commanding officer that he had caught a Tartar. “Bring him along,
     then,” said the general. “But he won’t come.” “Then come along
     yourself.” “Arrah! an’ so I would, but he won’t let me,” answered
     Paddy. Hence arose the saying “To catch a Tartar,” meaning to be
     outdone.


     346. Which is the oldest street in New England?

     Leyden Street, in Plymouth, Mass. It is so called in memory of the
     Dutch city where the Pilgrim Fathers had stopped for a season.


     347. What was the origin of the phrase “To haul over the coals”?

     One method of extorting money from the Jews, by the kings or barons,
     was at one time to haul them over the coals of a slow fire, until they
     yielded to their demands; hence this phrase, meaning to scold, to take
     to task.


     348. Which is the “Maiden Town”?

     Edinburgh is so styled from a monkish fable or tradition that it was
     once the residence of the daughters of Pictish kings, who were sent to
     this stronghold for protection in times of war and trouble.


     349. What was the “War of the Roses”?

     This name is given to the civil war which raged in England from the
     reign of Henry VI. to that of Henry VII. (1452–1486), on account of the
     badges or emblems of the parties to the strife,--that of the house of
     York being a white rose, and that of the house of Lancaster a red rose.


     350. Which was the first American bird taken to England?

     The turkey. When John Cabot returned from his discovery of the American
     continent, he took two of these birds and three savages as his booty.


     351. What was the origin of “$”?

     There are several theories for the origin of the sign of the American
     dollar:--

     1. That it is a combination of U. S., the initials of the United States.

     2. That it is a modification of the figure 8, the dollar being formerly
     called a “_piece of eight_,” and designated by the symbol 8/8.

     3. That it is derived from a representation of the “Pillars of
     Hercules,” consisting of two pillars connected with a scroll. The old
     Spanish coins containing this were called “_pillar dollars_.”

     4. That it is a combination of H. S., the mark of the Roman money unit.

     5. That it is a combination of P. and S. from the Spanish _peso duro_,
     signifying _hard dollar_. In Spanish accounts _peso_ is contracted by
     writing the S over the P, and placing it after the sum.


     352. By whom was the Northeast Passage discovered?

     By Prof. Adolph Eric Nordenskjold, a Swedish explorer, who left
     Gothenburg, Sweden, July 4, 1878, in command of the _Vega_, and
     arrived in Japan in July, 1879, after lying locked up in the ice about
     nine months. There were peculiarly favorable conditions which enabled
     him to do what others have so often failed to do, but it is something
     of a triumph to have in any case achieved a work so hazardous and
     remarkable, and Prof. Nordenskjold can enjoy a distinction which he has
     fairly and honorably won.


     353. What kind of goblets were formerly considered as preservatives
     against poison?

     Goblets made of rhinoceros horns were formerly held in high estimation
     as preservatives against poison. The kings of India were accustomed to
     have their wine served up in these goblets, as they imagined that if
     any poison were introduced into the cup, the liquid would boil over and
     betray its presence.


     354. What was the origin of the phrase “To have a bone to pick with
     one”?

     A Sicilian father, at the marriage of his daughter, after the feast
     gave the bridegroom a bone, saying, “Pick this bone, for you have
     undertaken a much harder task.” Hence arose, it is said, the above
     phrase, meaning to have an unpleasant affair to settle.


     355. What was the origin of the phrase “To throw dust in one’s eyes”?

     “To throw dust in one’s eyes” is to mislead. The phrase arose from
     a Mohammedan practice of casting dust into the air for the sake of
     “confounding” the enemies of the faith.


     356. What is the meaning of the phrase “By hook or by crook”?

     It probably means “foully like a thief or holily like a bishop,” the
     _hook_ being used by footpads, and the _crook_ being the
     bishop’s crosier.


     357. Who was the “Scourge of God”?

     This title is often given to Attila, or Etzel, the famous king of the
     Huns, and one of the most formidable invaders of the Roman Empire. His
     father, Mundzuk, was succeeded by his brothers Octar and Rhuas; and
     on the death of Rhuas, in 434, Attila and his brother Bleda together
     ascended the throne. Their dominions are said to have extended from the
     Rhine to the frontiers of China. Attila was superstitiously reverenced
     by his countrymen; he was said to possess the miraculous iron sword of
     the Scythian god of war, and he proclaimed himself to be the man-child
     born at Engaddi, who was destined to rule over the whole world. At the
     head of an army of 700,000 men he gradually concentrated on himself the
     awe and fear of the whole ancient world, which ultimately expressed
     itself by affixing to his name the well-known epithet of the “Scourge
     of God.” This name was first given him, it is said, by a hermit in
     Gaul. In the year 453, on the night of his marriage to a beautiful
     Gothic maiden, called Ildiko, or Hilda, he burst a blood-vessel, and
     expired, to the unspeakable relief of both Europe and Asia. His body
     was put in a coffin of iron, over which was one of silver and a third
     of gold. He was buried secretly at night together with a mass of
     treasure and arms, and the captives who dug his grave were slaughtered
     by the Huns in order to conceal his tomb.


     358. Who bought the first United States postage stamps ever sold?

     The first postage stamps in this country were issued in accordance with
     an act of Congress, approved March 3, 1847. They were of five and ten
     cent denominations, and the date of issue was appointed as July 1, but
     there was a delay in the work and the time ran over a month. On the 5th
     of August, the Hon. Henry Shaw, of Lanesborough, Mass., the father of
     the late well-known Henry Shaw, Jr. (“Josh Billings”), called to see
     Postmaster-General Johnson on business. While there the printer came
     in with several sheets of the stamps. Mr. Johnson handed them to his
     visitor to inspect, and Mr. Shaw bought two of the stamps,--the first
     two ever issued. The five-cent stamp he kept as a curiosity, and the
     ten-cent stamp he presented to Gov. Briggs, of Massachusetts.


     359. Who have been the acting Vice-Presidents of the United States
     during the several vacancies in that office?

     William Harris Crawford, of Georgia, became Vice-President on the
     death of George Clinton, April 20, 1812; and after the death of
     Elbridge Gerry, Nov. 23, 1814, John Gaillard, of South Carolina,
     served as Vice-President until March 4, 1817. After the resignation
     of John C. Calhoun from that office on Dec. 28, 1832, it was held by
     Hugh Lawson White, of Tennessee, until the 4th of March, 1833. Samuel
     Lewis Southard, of New Jersey, and Willie Person Mangum, of North
     Carolina, served as Vice-Presidents during the administration of Tyler;
     and William Rufus King, of Alabama, served in like capacity during
     Fillmore’s term. During the administration of Franklin Pierce, David
     R. Atchison, of Missouri, and Jesse D. Bright, of Indiana, were acting
     Vice-Presidents. During President Johnson’s term, Lafayette Sabine
     Foster, of Connecticut, and Benjamin Franklin Wade, of Ohio, held the
     Vice-Presidency. The successor of Henry Wilson, upon his death, Nov.
     22, 1875, was Thomas W. Ferry, of Michigan. When Vice-President Arthur
     became President, his successor was David Davis, of Illinois, who was
     succeeded, in turn, by George F. Edmunds, of Vermont. After the death
     of Vice-President Hendricks, the Senate chose John Sherman, of Ohio, as
     his successor.


     360. Why are the “Hoosiers” so called?

     The term “Hoosiers,” as applied to the citizens of Indiana, is derived
     either from _husher_, a term synonymous throughout the West with
     bully or rough, as many of the early settlers were bullies and men of
     great physical strength, or from the rough exclamation of these people
     when one knocked at a door, “Who’s yere?”


     361. Why is the passion flower so called?

     It was named by the early Spanish settlers, who fancied it to be a
     representation of our Lord’s passion.

     The _leaf_ is symbolic of the spear that pierced his side.

     The five _anthers_, the marks of the wounds.

     The _tendrils_, the cords or whips.

     The column of the _ovary_, the upright of the cross.

     The _stamens_, the hammers.

     The three _styles_, the nails.

     The _filamentous processes_, the crown of thorns.

     The _calyx_, the glory or halo.

     The _white_ tint, purity.

     The _blue_ tint, heaven.

     It remains open for three days and typifies his three years’ ministry.


     362. Which is the “Petrified City”?

     Ishmonie, in Upper Egypt, is so called on account of a great number of
     statues of men, women, children, and animals, which are said to be seen
     there at this day, and which, according to a popular superstition, were
     once animated beings, but were miraculously changed into stone in all
     the various postures and attitudes which were assumed by them at the
     instant of their supposed transubstantiation.


     363. What was the origin of the phrase “That’s a feather in your cap”?

     “A feather in your cap” is a mark of distinction. It originates with
     the wild tribes of Asia and America, who add a new feather to their
     head-dress for every enemy slain. A Caufir of Cabul adorns himself with
     new feathers for every Mussulman killed by him. The custom was a common
     one among the Lycians and other nations of antiquity, and, in fact, in
     one form or another seems to be almost universal at the present time.


     364. Why is the Baldwin apple so called?

     The famous Baldwin apple was discovered by Col. Loammi Baldwin
     (1745–1807), a distinguished citizen of Woburn, Mass. While surveying
     land in Wilmington (in the same State), he observed a tree on the land
     of James Butters, much frequented by woodpeckers. Curiosity led him to
     examine the tree, and he found thereon apples of excellent flavor. The
     next spring he took from it scions to engraft into stocks of his own.
     Others in his neighborhood did the same till the apple was extensively
     cultivated. Some named the apple Butters’ apple, from the locality of
     the original tree; others called it Woodpecker’s apple, from the birds
     which caused the discovery; but one day, at an entertainment of friends
     at the house of Col. Baldwin, it was suggested that the name “Baldwin
     apple,” in honor of the discoverer, was the most appropriate, and it
     has since been known by his name. The original tree was destroyed by
     the famous September gale in 1815.


     365. Why was the White House so called?

     The home of the Presidents was named in honor of the White House,
     the Virginia home of Martha Washington, in New Kent County, in which
     her wedding occurred. Washington had many pleasant memories of that
     residence, and it was he who suggested the building of a “White House”
     for the Presidents. The house is constructed of Virginia freestone,
     which is excessively porous, and consequently would be very damp in the
     interior, were it not for a thick coat of white lead, which is applied
     about once in ten years at a great expense.


     366. Who was the first woman hung in the United States?

     Mary Dyer, a Quakeress. On the 27th of October, 1659, a gallows stood
     on Boston Common, and three condemned Quakers, William Robinson,
     Marmaduke Stevenson, and Mary Dyer, were led out to execution. They
     were accompanied by the trainband, and drums were beat to drown their
     testimony. The town was put under guard of thirty-six soldiers against
     apprehended trouble. The woman walked between her two companions,
     holding each of them by a hand. The marshal asked her, “If she was not
     ashamed to walk, hand in hand, between two young men?” She replied, “It
     is an hour of the greatest joy I can enjoy in this world. No eye can
     see, no ear can hear, no tongue can speak, no heart can understand,
     the sweet incomes and refreshings of the Spirit of the Lord which I
     now enjoy.” The two men were hung and buried beneath the gallows; but
     Mary Dyer, after having the noose put round her neck, was pardoned and
     sent to Rhode Island. The next spring she returned. On the gallows
     the second time, June 1, 1660, she was offered her life if she would
     promise to keep out of Massachusetts. Her reply was, “In obedience to
     the will of the Lord I came; and in his will I abide faithful to the
     death.” She did so.


     367. Who are the “Blue-Noses”?

     This name is popularly given to the inhabitants of Nova Scotia or New
     Brunswick. It is supposed to have been originally applied from the
     effect upon the more prominent parts of the face of the raw easterly
     winds and long-continued fogs which prevail in these provinces.
     Others say that it was first applied to a particular kind of potatoes
     which were extensively produced by the inhabitants, and that it was
     afterwards transferred to the inhabitants themselves. Others trace its
     origin to the custom among certain tribes of the aborigines of painting
     the nose blue as a punishment for a crime against chastity.


     368. Who was the “Handsome Englishman”?

     This name was given by Turenne to the celebrated John Churchill, Duke
     of Marlborough (1650–1722), who was no less distinguished for the
     singular graces of his person, than for his brilliant courage, and his
     consummate ability both as a soldier and a statesman.


     369. What great general was fired at fifteen times and yet escaped
     unhurt?

     In the battle of Monongahela, July 9, 1755, an Indian chief with his
     braves especially singled Washington out. Four balls passed through
     his clothes and two horses were shot under him, yet he was not harmed.
     Fifteen years later, Washington made an expedition to the Western
     country with Dr. Craik, an intimate friend, and a party of woodsmen,
     for the purpose of exploring wild lands. While near the junction of
     the Great Kanawha and Ohio Rivers, the old Indian chief came a “long
     way” to see the man at whom he had fired a rifle fifteen times without
     hitting him, adding that “he was then persuaded that the youthful hero
     was under the special guardianship of the Great Spirit, and immediately
     ceased to fire at him.” He was now come “to pay homage to the man,
     who was the particular favorite of Heaven, and who could never die in
     battle.”


     370. What was the origin of “bigot”?

     This word is of uncertain and disputed etymology. There are several
     theories of its origin.

     1. That it was first applied to the Normans from the oath uttered by
     Rollo, the first Duke of Normandy, who was obliged to kiss the foot of
     his father-in-law, Charles the Foolish, in return for the province of
     Neustria. When told by his companions what he must do, he exclaimed,
     “_Ne se, Bigot_” (Not so, by God): the king and the court
     mockingly called him _Bigoth_, whence the Normans were called
     _Bigothi_.

     2. That it is from bigot, an old Norman word, signifying as much as
     _De par dieu_, or our _for God’s sake_, and signifying a
     hypocrite, or one that seemeth much more holy than he is.

     3. That it is a corruption of Visigotha, in which the fierce and
     intolerant Arianism of the Visigoth conqueror of Spain is handed down
     to infamy. The word _bigos_ occurs in an old French romance, cited
     by Roquefort, in the sense of a barbarous people.

     4. That it is from the Low Latin _Begutta_, one of the appellations of
     the nuns called _Beguines_, who, without having taken monastic vows,
     were united for purposes of devotion and charity, and lived together in
     houses called _beguinages_.

     5. That it is derived from the Italian _bigotto_, or _bighiotto_, a
     devotee, a hypocrite.

     6. That it is from the Spanish _bigote_, a whisker, _hombre de
     bigote_ being a man of spirit.


     371. Who was the “Beautiful Rope-maker”?

     This sobriquet was given to Louise Labè (1526–1566), a French poetess,
     who married Ennemond Perrin, a rope manufacturer. She wrote in three
     different languages. She was distinguished for her extraordinary
     courage at the siege of Perpignan.


     372. What was the origin of the expression “A Sardonic smile”?

     Some derive it from the Greek σαιρειν, to grin like a dog; but the
     second and more probable derivation is that it is from a herb growing
     in the island of Sardinia (Greek Σαρδω). This herb, the _Ranunculus
     sceleratus_, has, when eaten, a contractile power on the muscles of
     the body, and particularly those of the face, so that those affected by
     it seem to laugh. It was an old belief that those who eat it would die
     laughing, hence Homer first, and others after him, call laughter which
     conceals some noxious design Sardonican. This same plant has a caustic
     power, so that if the fresh-pulled leaves are laid on the skin, they
     produce pustules, as if caused by fire.


     373. Who was the first circumnavigator of the globe?

     Ferdinand Magellan, though he did not survive to return home with
     his ship, well deserves the title of the “first circumnavigator.”
     He discovered the strait, which now bears his name, Oct. 20, 1520,
     the day dedicated in the Catholic calendar to St. Ursula and her
     eleven thousand virgins, hence he called it “The Strait of the Eleven
     Thousand Virgins.” The strait was passed Nov. 28; and though he had
     not quite reached the Spice Islands when he fell in conflict with the
     people of the isle of Mactan, April 27, 1521, his task was virtually
     accomplished, as he had before been as far east as the Spice Islands.
     The expedition, reduced from five ships and two hundred and thirty-six
     men to one vessel and eighteen men, reached San Lucar, Spain, Sept. 6,
     1522, after an absence of three years lacking fourteen days, under the
     guidance of Juan Sebastian del Cano. This vessel, the _Vitoria_,
     was the first to make the circuit of the globe. As a reward Cano was
     ennobled with the globe on his coat-of-arms, and the motto, “_Primus
     circumdedisti me_.”


     374. Which is the “City of Oaks”?

     This name has been given to Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina,
     which possesses many fine streets shaded with native oaks. These oaks
     were wisely spared during the first settlement, and have since attained
     a giant growth.


     375. Why was Gen. Grant sometimes called “Unconditional Surrender”
     Grant?

     The origin of this sobriquet is to be found in the following note:--

             HEADQUARTERS, ARMY IN THE FIELD,
                 CAMP NEAR DONELSON, Feb. 16, 1862.

         Gen S. B. BUCKNER,
                 _Confederate Army_.

      _Sir_,--Yours of this date proposing armistice, and
      appointment of commissioners, to settle terms of capitulation,
      is just received. No terms except an unconditional and immediate
      surrender can be accepted.

      I propose to move immediately upon your works.

                    I am, sir, very respectfully,
                                Your obedient servant,
                                             U. S. GRANT,
                                                    _Brig. Gen._

     Gen. Buckner surrendered Fort Donelson and fifteen thousand men
     the same day, and after that U. S. Grant was often said to signify
     “Unconditional Surrender” Grant.


     376. When, where, and by whom was the first watch made?

     Watches were first made at Nuremberg, Germany, in 1477, by Peter Hele,
     a clock-maker, and were accounted “a wonder of the world.” It required
     nearly a year’s labor to produce the first watch. It varied nearly an
     hour a day from the true time, and required winding twice a day. The
     price set upon it and its fellows by the inventor was equal to $1,500
     in gold at the present day. It was egg-shaped and about the size of a
     goose egg, hence it was sometimes called the “Nuremberg animated egg.”
     The statement made by some, that Robert, king of Scotland, had a watch
     about the year 1310, is doubtless erroneous. The invention of spring
     watches has been ascribed to Dr. Hooke, and by some to Huygens, about
     1658; the anchor escapement was invented by Clement, in 1680; the
     horizontal watch by Graham, in 1724; the repeating watch by Barlowe, in
     1676; and Harrison produced his first timepiece in 1735.


     377. What famous men of antiquity were killed by lice?

     Lice appear to have been a great plague among the ancients, and
     many persons suffered from the disease now known as _Morbus
     pediculosus_, or _Phthiriasis_. Among the most famous persons
     who died of this “creeping sickness” were Acastas, the son of
     Pelias, Alcman the poet, Pherecydes the theologian, Callisthenes the
     Olynthian, Mucius the lawyer, Eunus the fugitive, who stirred up the
     slaves of Sicily to rebel against their masters, and Lucius Cornelius
     Sulla, dictator of Rome, although the immediate cause of the latter’s
     death was the bursting of a blood-vessel. Plutarch thus describes,
     in substance, the case of Sulla. In consequence of his excesses, his
     corrupted flesh at length broke out into lice. Many were employed day
     and night in destroying them, but the work so multiplied under their
     hands, that not only his clothes, baths, basins, but his very flesh was
     polluted with that flux and contagion, they came swarming out in such
     numbers. He went frequently by day into the bath to scour and cleanse
     his body, but all in vain; the evil generated too rapidly and too
     abundantly for any ablutions to overcome it.


     378. Who was the “American Fabius”?

     This sobriquet is often given to George Washington, whose military
     policy resembled that of the Roman general Quintus Fabius Maximus
     Verrucosus, who conducted operations against Hannibal by declining
     to risk a battle in the open field, harassing him by marches,
     counter-marches, and ambuscades.


     379. Who were the “Seven against Thebes”?

     They were the seven leaders of an expedition designed to place
     Polynices on the throne of Thebes, from which he had been driven by
     his brother Eteocles. Their names were Adrastus, Amphiaraus, Capaneus,
     Hippomedon (Argives), Parthenopæus (an Arcadian), Polynices (a Theban),
     and Tydeus (an Æolian). The expedition was a failure, as the chiefs
     were arrogant and boastful, and despised signs sent by the gods.
     Adrastus, who escaped by the swiftness of his horse Areion, the gift
     of Hercules, was the only one saved. Ten years afterward, a second
     expedition, conducted by their more pious sons, the _Epigoni_, who
     acted in obedience to the will of heaven, was crowned with success.


     380. Who was the “Sage of Monticello”?

     Thomas Jefferson (1743–1826), third President of the United States, was
     often so called from the name of his country seat in Virginia, and in
     allusion to his wise statesmanship and great political sagacity.


     381. What was the origin of the term “Johnnies,” as applied to the
     Confederate soldiers during the late Rebellion?

     This term Johnnies, or Johnny Rebs, is said to have originated in
     a taunting remark addressed to a rebel picket, to the effect that
     the Southern States relied on “John Bull” to help them gain their
     independence, and that the picket himself was no better than a “John
     Bull”; an accusation which he indignantly denied, saying that he would
     “as soon be called a ‘nigger’ as a ‘Johnny Bull.’”


     382. What was the “Day of Corn-sacks”?

     The 3d of January, 1591, is so called, in French history, from an
     attempt made by Henry IV. to surprise Paris on that day. Some of his
     officers, disguised as corn dealers, with sacks on their shoulders,
     endeavored to get possession of the gate St. Honore; but they were
     recognized, and obliged to make a hasty retreat.


     383. Who were the “Copperheads”?

     This popular nickname originated in the time of the late Rebellion,
     and was applied to a faction in the North, which was very generally
     considered to be in secret sympathy with the Rebellion, and to give it
     aid and comfort by attempting to thwart the measures of the government.
     The name is derived from a poisonous serpent, called the copperhead
     (_Trigonocephalus contortrix_), whose bite is considered as
     deadly as that of the rattlesnake and whose geographical range extends
     from forty-five degrees north to Florida. The copperhead, unlike the
     rattlesnake, gives no warning of its attack, and is, therefore, the
     type of a concealed foe.


     384. What was “Symnes’ Hole”?

     An enormous opening imagined by Capt. John Cleve Symnes (1780–1829),
     a visionary American theorizer, to exist in the crust of the earth at
     eighty-two degrees north. Through this opening, he thought a descent
     might be made into the interior of the globe, which he supposed to
     be peopled with plants and animals, and to be lighted by two small
     subterranean planets, named Pluto and Proserpine, which diffused a mild
     radiance.


     385. Who is the “Quaker Poet”?

     This name is often given to John Greenleaf Whittier, a noted American
     poet, who was born of Quaker parentage and is a member of the Society
     of Friends.

     The name was also given to Bernard Barton (1784–1849), an English poet
     of some note, and a member of the Society of Friends. His poems fill
     eight or nine volumes, the “Household Verses” being among his best
     productions.


     386. Who was the “Newton of Antiquity”?

     This title has been given to Hipparchus, who flourished in the second
     century B. C. He was the most celebrated of the Greek astronomers. He
     calculated the length of the year to within six minutes, discovered the
     precession of the equinoxes, and made the first catalogue of the stars,
     1081 in number.


     387. What are the eight motions of the earth?

     1. Diurnal rotation on its axis.

     2. Annual revolution in its orbit.

     3. Precession of the equinoxes, which requires 25,816 years for the
     equinoctial points to make a complete revolution of the ecliptic.

     4. Change of perihelion. In the year 4089 B. C. the earth was in
     perihelion at the autumnal equinox. It is now in perihelion on the 1st
     of January. In the year 17267 A. D., the long cycle of 21,356 years
     will be completed, and for the first time since the creation of man the
     autumnal equinox will coincide with the earth’s perihelion.

     5. Change in the obliquity of the ecliptic. The orbit of the earth
     vibrates backward and forward, each oscillation requiring a period of
     about 10,000 years.

     6. Nutation caused by the moon. This movement requires eighteen and
     three fourths years for completing a revolution.

     7. Planetary perturbations.

     8. Translation through space, the greatest of all.


     388. Which is the floral emblem of the United States?

     The violet is the national emblematic flower of our country. Perhaps it
     is symbolic of the native modesty of Americans.


     389. Who was the first white child born in America?

     The first of which we have any record was SNORRE THORFINNSON,
     who was born at Straumfjord (Buzzard’s Bay), in the present State
     of Massachusetts, in the year 1008. He was the son of Thorfinn
     Karlsefne and his wife Gudrid. From him the famous sculptor, Albert
     Thorwaldsen, is lineally descended, besides a long train of learned and
     distinguished men, who have flourished during the last eight centuries
     in Iceland and Denmark.


     390. What king wrote an essay against tobacco?

     King James I., of England, issued in 1616 a _Counterblaste to
     Tobacco_, in which he describes its use as “a custom loathsome to
     the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the
     lungs, and in the black, stinking fume thereof nearest resembling the
     horrible Stygian smoke of the pit that is bottomless.”


     391. What metals are valued at over $1,000 a pound?

     Vanadium,--a white metal discovered in 1830, is valued at $10,000 an
     avoirdupois pound.

     Rubidium,--an alkaline metal, so called from exhibiting dark red lines
     in the spectrum analysis, $9,070.

     Zirconium,--a metal obtained from the mineral zircon and hyacinth, in
     the form of a black powder, $7,200.

     Lithium,--an alkaline metal, the lightest metal known, $7,000.

     Glucinum,--a metal in the form of a grayish-black powder, $5,400.

     Calcium,--The metallic base of lime, $4,500.

     Strontium,--a malleable metal of a yellowish color, $4,200.

     Terbium,--obtained from the mineral gadolinte, found in Sweden, $4,080.

     Yttrium,--discovered in 1828, is of a grayish-black color, and its
     lustre perfectly metallic, $4,080.

     Erbium,--a metal found associated with yttrium, $3,400.

     Cerium,--a metal of high specific gravity, a grayish-white color, and a
     lamellar texture, $3,400.

     Didymium,--a metal found associated with cerium, $3,200.

     Ruthenium,--of a gray color, very hard and brittle; extracted from the
     ores of platinum, $2,400.

     Niobium,--previously named columbium, first discovered in an ore found
     at New London, Conn., $2,300.

     Rhodium,--of a white color and metallic lustre, and extremely hard and
     brittle. It requires the strongest heat that can be produced by a wind
     furnace for its fusion, $2,200.

     Barium,--the metallic base of baryta, $1,800.

     Palladium,--a metal discovered in 1803, and found in very small grains,
     of a steel-gray color and fibrous structure, $1,400.

     Osmium,--a brittle, gray-colored metal, found with platinum, the most
     infusible of known metals, $1,300.

     Iridium,--found native as an alloy, with osmium, in lead-gray scales,
     $1,000.


     392. Which is the “Granite City”?

     Aberdeen, Scotland, is so called, because the material employed in its
     buildings consists chiefly of light gray native granite. This granite
     has been quarried near this city for over three hundred years.


     393. Where is the “Gate of Tears”?

     Bab-el-Mandeb (_i. e._, the “Gate of Tears”) is the strait which
     connects the Red Sea with the Indian Ocean. It derives its name from
     the dangers attending its navigation, or according to an Arabic legend,
     from the numbers who were drowned by the earthquake which separated
     Asia and Africa.


     394. What philosopher thought the sun was a huge fiery stone?

     Anaxagoras (500–428 B. C.) taught that the heavens consisted of a solid
     vault of stones, elevated above the earth by the surrounding ether, and
     that the sun was a huge fiery stone about the size of the Morea, the
     southern part of Greece. For this theory he suffered banishment, as the
     Greeks thought it impious thus to rob the sun, which they believed to
     be Apollo, of his divinity.


     395. Who was Zopyrus?

     This distinguished Persian, noted for his remarkable stratagem,
     was the general of Darius Hystaspis. After his master had besieged
     Babylon, which had revolted from him for twenty months in vain, Zopyrus
     resolved to gain the place by the most extraordinary self-sacrifice.
     Accordingly, one day he appeared before Darius, with his body mutilated
     in the most horrible manner; both his ears and his nose were cut off,
     and his person otherwise disfigured. After explaining to Darius his
     intentions, he fled to Babylon as a victim of the cruelty of the
     Persian king. The Babylonians gave him their confidence, and placed him
     at the head of their troops. He soon found means to betray the city to
     Darius, who severely punished the inhabitants for their revolt, and
     appointed Zopyrus satrap of Babylon for life, with the enjoyment of its
     entire revenues.


     396. How did the swallow obtain its name?

     According to Scandinavian tradition, this bird hovered over the cross
     of our Lord, crying “_Svala! svala!_” (“console! console!”) whence
     it was called _svalow_, the bird of consolation.

     There is a curious story that this bird brings home from the sea-shore
     a stone that gives sight to her fledglings.

         “Seeking with eager eyes that wondrous stone which the swallow
         Brings from the shore of the sea to restore the sight of its
           fledglings.”
                                                LONGFELLOW’S EVANGELINE.


     397. Who was the “Sailor King”?

     William IV. of England was so called, because he entered the navy in
     1779, at fourteen years of age, and continued in the service till 1827.
     He passed from the rank of a midshipman to that of a captain by regular
     promotion. In 1801 he was made admiral of the fleet, and in 1827, lord
     high admiral.


     398. What became of the chains of Columbus?

     Columbus was carried home in chains from his third voyage. Alonzo de
     Villejo, captain of the caravel in which the illustrious prisoner
     sailed, would have removed the fetters; but Columbus would not consent
     to this. He would wear them, he said, until their Royal Highnesses, by
     whose orders they had been affixed, should order their removal; and
     he would keep them ever afterward “as relics and as memorials of the
     reward of his services.” According to his son Fernando, he always kept
     them hanging in his cabinet, and he requested that when he died they
     might be buried with him.


     399. Which is the Samian letter?

     The letter Y. It was so called because its Greek original was used
     by Pythagoras, the philosopher of Samosas an emblem of the straight,
     narrow path of virtue, which is one, but if once deviated from, the
     farther the lines are extended the wider becomes the breach.

         “When reason, doubtful, like the Samian letter,
         Points him two ways, the narrower, the better.”
                                               POPE’S DUNCLAD.

     The same letter was also used to represent the sacred triad, formed
     by the duad proceeding from the monad. It is sometimes called the
     _Pythagorean letter_.


     400. What was the origin of the term “Mugwump”?

     This was a word borrowed from the Indians by the New England pioneers.
     It meant “chief,” “head of all,” in the Indian tongue; and was used
     by the pioneers humorously, much as a person does “Big Injun” when he
     intends to be jocose.


                                     FINIS.


Arthur Russel’s Wikipedia
He met Allen Ginsberg, with whom he began to work, accompanying him on the cello as a soloist or in groups while Ginsberg sang or read his poetry.[15][16][17]


Rather than disavow the appeal of the erotic humiliation and loss of boundaries associated with women and gay men, Bersani argued, we might provisionally accept that sexuality may itself be “a tautology for masochism” in order to conceive of intimacies that do not aspire to self-affirmation or mutual recognition (217). Writing in this vein, queer theorists like Michael Warner, Lauren Berlant, and Lee Edelman have stressed the ambivalent, undigniied, and disruptive nature of sexual- ity. hese and other proponents of the “anti- social” thesis in queer theory have shown that pride, optimism, and respectability exercise a coercive and normalizing force of their own. hey propose that we recognize forms of in- timacy and community in which perverse, shameful, and irrational feelings and desires have a place.


Meanwhile, although stud- ies of early modern female sexuality have bril- liantly illuminated how women resisted the submissive and heteronormative roles pre- scribed for them, what has gone unexplored is the way in which women’s desires for sod- omy, group sex, bestiality, and sadomasoch- ism can equally challenge gender hierarchies and sexual norms.21 We need a conceptual framework that acknowledges the legitimacy not only of female desire for sex outside mo- nogamous and loving relations but also of a female version of what Bersani calls “love of the cock” (Homos 8). In the pages that follow, I explore representations of seemingly un-feminist sexual fantasies, along with equally unfeminist displays of competition, overin- vestment, selishness, and anger—not because I think that such impulses are unquestionably positive or liberatory but because I believe that unless we grapple with their persistent appeal, feminist work can end up policing or pathologizing desires that do not readily con- form to ideals of mutuality, cooperation, and egalitarianism.22 In making visible models of past female sexuality that go beyond lesbian separatism, on the one hand, and patriarchal false consciousness, on the other, sex-radical feminism and queer theory can compel us to reassess the relation between sexuality and power in the present as well as the past.


It is a testament to the effectiveness of feminist and queer studies that such nor- mative readings of Shakespeare now appear quaint, if not cruel[e]


Taking Helena at her word when she accuses Hermia of betraying a closeness that made them “Like to a double cherry, seeming parted / But yet an union in partition,” critics have almost invariably contrasted the serene equality and gentle reciprocity of female bonds with the vi- olence and domination of heteroerotic unions (3.2.210–11).33 Hermia and Helena have been instrumental to arguments that equate het- eroeroticism with female subjugation and homoeroticism with female empowerment.


I want to conclude by proposing that it is in the space of feminist analysis that awareness of the “anticommunal, antiegalitarian, antinurturing, antiloving” aspects of sexuality might produce the most fruit.


 (Melissa E. Sanchez, Use Me But As Your Spaniel)


By the end of the Millennium the new papal encyclical found John Paul II embracing postmodern despair rather than giving a message of hope. Noting that postmodern ‘nihilism has been justified in a sense by the terrible experience of evil which has marked our age’, the pope asserts that ‘such a dramatic experience has ensured the collapse of rationalist optimism, which viewed history as the triumphant progress of reason, the source of all happiness and freedom’.[1] His Holiness warns against ‘a certain positivist cast of mind’ which ‘continues to nurture the illusion that, thanks to scientific and technical progress, man and woman may live as a demiurge, single-handedly and completely taking charge of their destiny’.


https://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/philosophy/works/en/heartfield-james.htm


Some of Nietzsche's most prescient pages are those in which he describes the 'oversatu- ration of an age with history'. 'It leads an age into a dangerous mood of irony in regard to itself', he wrote in Untimely Meditations, I and subsequently into the even more dangerous mood of cynicism', in which 'cosmopolitan fingering', a detached spectatorialism, replaces engagement and involvement. This is
the condition of Nietzsche's Last Man, who has seen everything, but is decadently enfeebled precisely by this excess of (self) awareness


Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism (7)


In the 1960s and 1970s, capitalism had to face the problem of how to contain and absorb energies from outside. It now, in fact, has the opposite problem; having all-too successfully incorporated externality, how can it function without an outside it can colonize and appropriate?


For most people under twenty in Europe and North America, the lack of alternatives to capitalism is no longer even an issue. Capitalism seamlessly occupies the horizons of the thinkable. Jameson used to report in horror about the ways that capitalism had seeped into the very unconscious; now, the fact that capitalism has colonized the dreaming life of the population is so taken for granted that it is no longer worthy of comment.


What we are dealing with noW is not the incorporation of materials that previously seemed to possess subversive potentials, but instead, their precorporation: the pre-emptive formatting and shaping of desires, aspirations and hopes by capitalist culture.


Witness, for instance, the estab- lishment of settled 'alternative' or 'independent' cultural zones, which endlessly repeat older gestures of rebellion and contes- tation as if for the first time. 'Alternative' and 'independent' don't designate something outside mainstream culture; rather, they are styles, in fact the dominant styles, within the mainstream. No-one embodied (and struggled with) this deadlock more than Kurt Cobain and Nirvana. In his dreadful lassitude and objectless rage, Cobain seemed to give wearied voice to the despondency of the generation that had come after history, whose every move was anticipated, tracked, bought and sold before it had even happened. Cobain knew that he was just another piece of spectacle, that nothing runs better on MTV than a protest against MTV; knew that his every move was a cliche scripted in advance, knew that even realizing it is a cliche. The impasse that paralyzed Cobain is precisely the one that Jameson described: like postmodern culture in general, Cobain found himself in 'a world in which stylistic innovation is no longer possible, [where] all that is left is to imitate dead styles, to speak through the masks and with the voices of the styles in the imaginary museum'. Here, even success meant failure, since to succeed would only mean that you were the new meat on which the system could feed.




8
It is impossible to conceive of fascism or Stalinism without propaganda - but capitalism can proceed perfectly well, in some ways better, without anyone making a case for it. Zizek's counsel here remains invaluable. Ilf the concept of ideology is the classic one in which the illusion is located in knowledge', he argues,
then today's society must appear post-ideological: the prevailing ideology is that of cynicism; people no longer believe in ideological truth; they do not take ideological propositions seriously. The fundamental level of ideology, however, is not of an illusion masking the real state of things but that of an (unconscious) fantasy structuring our social reality itself. And at this level, we are of course far from being a post-ideological society. Cynical distance is just one way ... to blind ourselves to the structural power of ideological fantasy: even if we do not take things seriously, even if we keep an ironical distance, we are still doing them.


Capitalist ideology in general, Zizek maintains, consists precisely in the overvaluing of belief - in the sense of inner subjective attitude - at the expense of the beliefs we exhibit and externalize in our behavior. So long as we believe (in our hearts) that capitalism is bad, we are free to continue to participate in capitalist exchange. According to Zizek, capitalism in general relies on this structure of disavowal. We believe that money is only a meaningless token of no intrinsic worth, yet we act as if it has a holy value. Moreover, this behavior precisely depends upon the prior disavowal - we are able to fetishize money in our actions only because we have already taken an ironic distance towards money in our heads
–
The system by which the college is funded means that it literally cannot afford to exclude students, even if it wanted to. Resources are allocated to colleges on the basis of how success- fully they meet targets on achievement (exam results), atten- dance and retention of students. This combination of market imperatives with bureaucratically-defined 'targets' is typical of the 'market Stalinist' initiatives which now regulate public services. The lack of an effective disciplinary system has not, to say the least, been compensated for by an increase in student self-motivation. Students are aware that if they don't attend for weeks on end, and/or if they don't produce any work, they will not face any meaningful sanction. They typically respond to this freedom not by pursuing projects but by falling into hedonic (or anhedonic) lassitude: the soft narcosis, the comfort food oblivion of Playstation, all-night TV and marijuana.


 mismatch between a post-literate 'New Flesh' that is 'too wired to concentrate' and the confining, concentrational logics of decaying disciplinary systems.



What we are facing here is not just time- honored teenage torpor, but the mismatch between a post-literate 'New Flesh' that is 'too wired to concentrate' and the confining, concentrational logics of decaying disciplinary systems. To be bored simply means to be removed from the communicative sensation-stimulus matrix of texting, YouTube and fast food; to be denied, for a moment, the constant flow of sugary gratification on demand. Some students want Nietzsche in the same way that they want a hamburger; they fail to grasp - and the logic of the consumer system encourages this misapprehension - that the indigestibility, the difficulty is Nietzsche.


The use of headphones is signif- icant here - pop is experienced not as something which could have impacts upon public space, but as a retreat into private 'OedIpod' consumer bliss, a walling up against the social.




The psychological conflict raging within individuals cannot but have casualties. Marazzi is researching the link between the increase in bi-polar disorder and post-Fordism and, if, as Deleuze and Guattari argue, schizophrenia is the condition that marks the outer edges of capitalism, then bi-polar disorder is the mental illness proper to the 'interior' of capitalism. With its ceaseless boom and bust cycles, capitalism is itself fundamen- tally and irreducibly bi-polar, periodically lurching between hyped-up mania (the irrational exuberance of 'bubble thinking') and depressive come-down. (The term 'economic depression' is no accident, of course). To a degree unprecedented in any other social system, capitalism both feeds on and reproduces the moods of populations. Without delirium and confidence, capital could not function.


Inevitably, a short- circuiting occurs, and work becomes geared towards the gener- ation and massaging of representations rather than to the official goals of the work itself. Indeed, an anthropological study of local government in Britain argues that 'More effort goes into ensuring that a local authority's services are represented correctly than goes into actually improving those services'. This reversal of priorities is one of the hallmarks of a system which can be charac- terized without hyperbole as 'market Stalinism'.


We are all familiar with bureaucratic libido, with the enjoyment that certain officials derive from this position of disavowed responsibility ('it's not me, I'm afraid, it's the regulations'). The frustration of dealing with bureaucrats often arises because they themselves can make no decisions; rather, they are permitted only to refer to decisions that have always- already been made (by the big Other). Kafka was the greatest writer on bureaucracy because he saw that this structure of disavowal was inherent to bureaucracy. The quest to reach the ultimate authority who will finally resolve K's official status can never end, because the big Other cannot be encountered in itself: there are only officials, more or less hostile, engaged in acts of interpretation about what the big Other's intentions. And these acts of interpretation, these deferrals of responsibility, are all that the hig Other is.


there was a dimension of totalitarianism which cannot be understood on the model of despotic command. Kafka's purgatorial vision of a bureaucratic labyrinth without end chimes with Zizek's claim that the Soviet system was an 'empire of signs', in which even the Nomenklatura themselves - including Stalin and Molotov - were engaged in interpreting a complex series of social semiotic signals. No-one knew what was required; instead, individuals could only guess what particular gestures or directives meant. What happens in late capitalism, when there is no possibility of appealing, even in principle, to a final authority which can offer the definitive official version, is a massive intensification of that ambiguity




Does she 'go crazy'? No, not at all: after a few moments of bewil- dered fugue, Heather Lelache accepts the 'new' world as the 'true' world, editing out the point of suture. This strategy - of accepting the incommensurable and the senseless without question - has always been the exemplary technique of sanity as such, but it has a special role to play in late capitalism, that 'motley painting of everything that ever was', whose dreaming up and junking of social fictions is nearly as rapid as its production and disposal of commodities.


The inability to make /lew memories: a succinct formulation of the postmodern impasse....


like the fury Thomas Hardy supposedly spat at God for not existing.


capegoating an impotent government (running around to clean up the messes made by its business friends) arises from bad faith, from a continuing hostility to the Nanny State that nevertheless goes alongside a refusal to accept the consequences of the sidelining of government in global capitalism - a sign, perhaps, that, at the level of the political unconscious, it is impossible to accept that there are no overall controllers, that the closest thing we have to ruling powers now are nebulous, unaccountable interests exercising corporate irresponsibility. A case of fetishist disavowal, perhaps - 'we know perfectly well that the government is not pulling the strings, but nevertheless...' The disavowal happens in part because the centerlessness of global capitalism is radically unthinkable.


The standard explanation of intuitionistic logic today is the BHK-Interpretation (for “Brouwer, Heyting, Kolmogorov”) or Proof Interpretation as given by Troelstra and van Dalen in Constructivism in Mathematics (Troelstra & van Dalen 1988: 9):


"One of the flabby lines you hear sometimes is, 'Speak truth to power,'" he said. "Power knows the truth. It's speaking the truth to yourself that's the challenge."
"Brecht does very well in prisons and mental institutions," he said. "Men behind bars really seem to get the theater of the absurd."
Conversation is Sanders' art. Reminiscing about seeing his first boxing match with his father leads Sanders to talk of the first time he attended a performance by the
Royal Shakespeare Company
, which prompts him to discuss the innate dishonesty of moviemaking versus live theater, which leads to a discourse on the classic silent film "The Battleship Potemkin," which makes him think of the stream-of-consciousness surrealism James Joyce attempted in "Finnegans Wake," which leads him to quote William Blake: "He who kisses the joy as it flies lives in eternity's sunrise."
"I will never teach anywhere other than an art college again," Sanders said. "There is such a sense of social justice here. It's as close as you can get to the 1960s on a college campus now."
"Yesterday after class, a student came up and said, 'I'm trying to assimilate all this but it's not linear for me. I know it all fits together for you, but I'm having to work to put in the transitions,'" Sanders said. "He was right. I do not believe in digressions. I believe it's all connected."
"Barry is very young in a lot of ways," says Manon Veilleux, a special education consultant at Donald E. Long. "He has this openness to the world. He is brilliant -- I mean, if you look at everything he's done, you know he is truly brilliant -- but he also still wants to know how everything works and what everyone else thinks."
And she does mean everyone. Fellow professors. His students. Other writers. The barista at his neighborhood coffee shop. The waiter at his favorite restaurant. The homeless man he passes on his way to school.
"People come up to him sometimes and ask, 'Why are you always so happy?' It's almost accusatory," his wife said. "He gets angry sometimes. But even that is almost a joyful thing. He knows he's making a difference. He believes we all can. Why shouldn't he be happy?"






https://www.oregonlive.com/news/oregonian/anna_griffin/2011/04/oregon_book_award_finalist_bar.html


https://www.trineday.com/collections/all-products/products/the-end-is-only-the-beginning
There is a clock in the heavens. God placed knowledge of this clock into the minds of men in the earliest days of civilization. It was practically universal across the millennia among all peoples and nations. In modern times, we have forgotten this knowledge. We have become too busy and distracted for such things. Now, God is re-awakening this ancient wisdom in our hearts and minds in a profound way, at this specific time in history for a very significant reason, the ultimate reason.




The dungeon was a strongly barred room and it was not intended for the confinement of more than two or three men at a time. There were only two windows, and a projecting veranda outside, and thick iron bars within impeded the ventilation, while fires, raging in different parts of the fort, suggested an atmosphere of further oppressiveness. The prisoners were packed so tightly that the door was difficult to close.
One of the soldiers stationed in the veranda was offered 1,000 rupees to have them removed to a larger room. He went away, but returned saying it was impossible. The bribe was then doubled, and he made a second attempt with a like result; the nawab was asleep, and no one dared wake him.
By nine o'clock several had died, and many more were delirious. A frantic cry for water now became general, and one of the guards, more compassionate than his fellows, caused some [water] to be brought to the bars, where Mr. Holwell and two or three others received it in their hats and passed it on to the men behind. In their impatience to secure it nearly all was spilled, and the little they drank seemed only to increase their thirst. Self-control was soon lost; those in remote parts of the room struggled to reach the window, and a fearful tumult ensued, in which the weakest were trampled or pressed to death. They raved, fought, prayed, blasphemed, and many then fell exhausted on the floor, where suffocation put an end to their torments.
About 11 o'clock the prisoners began to drop off, fast. At length, at six in the morning, Siraj-ud-Daulah awoke and ordered the door to be opened. Of the 146 only 23, including Mr. Holwell [from whose narrative, published in the Annual Register and The Gentleman's Magazine for 1758, this account is partly derived], remained alive, and they were either stupefied or raving. Fresh air soon revived them, and the commander was then taken before the nawab, who expressed no regret for what had occurred, and gave no other sign of sympathy than ordering the Englishman a chair and a glass of water. Notwithstanding this indifference, Mr. Holwell and some others acquit him of any intention of causing the catastrophe and ascribe it to the malice of certain officers, but many think this opinion unfounded.


 So, as a scientist, I always have to say, regardless of whether my theory can explain it, if it happened, it can happen. People argue, can meteorites come from Mars? Well, we got the meteorites and they came from Mars, so I guess they can. Can people rise from the dead? Well, Jesus did. It did happen. So, it can happen. How does it happen? Beats the heck out of me.


There was a philosopher who once compared the death of Socrates to the death of Jesus. Socrates said, “well, I’ve got a soul and it’s immortal, so I can drink the poison. See you all later”. Jesus, faced with death, was not so philosophical, but recognised that death and suffering is real and has meaning. As we human beings face suffering and death, it’s interesting to note that we have a God who has been there.


But how awesome is our Creator who commands even these!
"Thy Kingdom Come" is man's invitation to God to "Throw the frickin' switch, already! Let's get this Apocalypse started!"




Mind is defined by perfect orthogonality between cosine and sine waves. Matter is defined by non-orthogonal relations between cosine and sine waves. What could be simpler?










To set the scene, let us consider some statements supporting the two sides from modern thinkers. On the Becoming side, philosopher J. Norton states (2010),

Time really passes.. . . Our sense of passage is our largely passive experience of a fact about the way time truly is, objectively. The fact of passage obtains independently of us. Time would continue to pass for the smoldering ruins were we and all sentient beings in the universe suddenly to be snuffed out.. . . We have no good grounds for dismissing the passage of time as an illusion. It has none of the marks of an illusion. Rather, it has all the marks of an objective process whose existence is independent of the existence of we humans.

On the Being, or Block side, physicist P. Davies (2013) says,

The flow of time is an illusion, and I don’t know very many scientists and philosophers who would disagree with that, to be perfectly honest. . . . And presumably the explanation for this illusion has to do with something up here (in your head) and is connected with memory I guess – laying down of memories and so on. So it’s a feeling we have, but it’s not a property of time itself . . .. Time doesn’t flow. That’s part of psychology.

Arguments such as Davies’s are strongest when they are grounded in our best current scientific theory of spacetime, general relativity, as described by physicist S. Carroll (2011),

Modern physics suggests that we can look at the entire history of the universe as a single four-dimensional thing. That includes our own personal path through it, which defines our world line. This seemingly conflicts with our intuitive idea that we exist at a moment, and move through time. Of course there is no real conflict, just two different ways of looking at the same thing. There is a four-dimensional universe that includes all of our world line, from birth to death, once and for all; and each moment along that world line defines an instantaneous person with the perception that they are growing older, advancing through time.

Davies and Carroll are in accord with the view of H. Weyl (1949),

The objective world simply is, it does not happen. Only to the gaze of my consciousness, crawling upward along the life line of my body, does a section of this world come to life as a fleeting image in space which continuously changes in time.


The concept of “persisting physical object” is replaced, in GR, with a pattern of regularity in the values of the fields and distribution of worldlines on 4-dimensional spacetime.
The gist of the following, frustrated exchange may be familiar (Blockhead and Broadhead are J. Earman’s [2008] terms):




Events happen in the Block. There in the Block, a tree is grow- ing; there, a supernova is exploding; there, a person is experiencing time passing.
Broadhead: No. The Block is static. It corresponds to events that have happened, or that will have happened, not to events happening. There, in the Block, is the history of the growth of a tree; there, is a supernova having exploded; there, is a person having experienced time passing.




Relationalism then offers an important piece of advice to the project of the uni- fication of the elementary particles and their interactions, which is that the deeper a theory is the fewer global symmetries it should exhibit. This strikingly conflicts with the method that inspired the grand unified theories such as SU(5),SO(10), and E(7), which aimed to unify by postulating larger and larger global as well as gauge symmetry groups. Of course, the program of grand unification failed experimentally because of proton decay.


The first time I heard the assertion that more fundamental theories should have fewer symmetries was in a talk by Roger Penrose in 1976 or 1977, in which he used it to argue that twistor theory was right to break parity and even CP. I have been thinking about it ever since. Thus, to me, one of the attractive features of loop quantum gravity, in the original formulation based on Ashtekar’s original variables, is that there is evidence the quantum theory does break P and CP (Contaldi, Magueijo and Smolin, 2008).






*
8.2.1 Background Independence (Smolin, 2005)


   *
All physical theories to date depend on structures that are fixed in time and have no

justification; they are simply assumed and imposed. One example is the geometry of

2 Noticethatthisadvice,whenfollowed,generatesadynamicsforourtheoriestobechallengedandimproved, which is present in the absence of anomalies or conflicts with experiment. This does not mean experiment plays no role for, as Feyerabend pointed out, new theories may suggest new experiments, or give a new significance to old experiments, which can distinguish them from older theories.






progress fundamental physics.







148 Lee Smolin





space in all theories prior to general relativity. In Newtonian physics, the geometry of space is simply fixed to be Euclidean 3-dimensional geometry. It’s arbitrary, it doesn’t change in time, it can’t be influenced by anything. Hence it is not subject to dynamical law. The principle of background independence requires that the choice is made not by the theorist but by nature, dynamically, as a part of solving the laws of physics.

The principle states that a physical theory should depend on no structures that are fixed and do not evolve dynamically in interaction with other quantities.

Nondynamical, fixed structures define a frozen background against which the system we are interested in evolves. I would maintain that these frozen external structures represent objects outside the system we are modeling, which influence the system but do not themselves change. (Or whose changes are too slow to be noticed.) Hence these fixed background structures are evidence that the theory in question is incomplete.





In many cases the observables of a background dependent theory describe how some quantity changes, or some body moves, with respect to those fixed external structures. This is the role of reference frames; they implicitly reflect a division of the universe into two parts—a dynamical system we aim to study and a part whose dynamics we neglect and fictionalize as fixed—for the purpose of pretending that relational quantities like relative position and relative motion have an absolute meaning.

It follows that any theory with fixed external structures can be improved if the external elements can be unfrozen, made dynamical, and brought inside the circle of mutually interacting physical degrees of freedom. This was the strategy that led Ein- stein to general relativity. The geometry of space and time is frozen in Newtonian physics, and it is also frozen in special relativity. In these theories, the spacetime ge- ometry provides an absolute and fixed background against which measurements are defined. These are reflected in the role played by reference frames. Mach pointed out the fiction involved by identifying inertial frames with the “fixed stars.” General relativity unfreezes geometry, making it dynamical. This freed the local inertial frames from an absolute and fixed dependence on the global mass distribution and made their relation dynamical, subject to solutions of the equations of motion.

This is rarely a one-step process. Typically, the new theory retains frozen ele- ments, then it too is not the end of our search and will require further completion. The principle asserts we should seek to make progress by eliminating fixed back- ground structures by identifying them as referring to external elements and making the choices involved subject to dynamical law.

It follows that the only complete theory of physics must be a cosmological theory, for the universe is the only system that has nothing outside of it






It follows that the only complete theory of physics must be a cosmological theory, for the universe is the only system that has nothing outside of it. A theory of the whole universe must then be very different from theories of parts of the universe. It must have no fixed, frozen, timeless elements, as these refer to things outside the system described by the theory, but there is nothing outside the universe. A complete cosmological theory must be fully background independent.
This implies that there is no wave-function of the universe, because there is no observer outside the universe who could measure it.
understand the challenging features of quantum physics as consequences of separating the universe into two parts: the system we observe and the rest containing the observer and his or her measuring instruments.

beables



Most applications of mathematics to science, such as models of economics, ecology, and biology are still Aristotelean. This is because they still have notions of absolute change and stasis. Consequently, they have no analog of the princi- ples of inertia or of relativity. The dynamical equations in economics, biology, ecology, general dynamical systems, etc. are thus first order in time. Computers, and algorithms generally, such as cellular automata, have the same first-order structure, in which change is given by a first-order update rule:

X(n + 1) = F [X(n)]. (8.2)

The fixed value of va or F[X(n)] codes the knowledge we have of the causes of change in these systems. It is background structure.

This goes for computers as well. Whether classical or quantum, a computer has a well-defined notion of stasis; the update rule, or the identity operation, that changes nothing. So long as it does so, it misses a fundamental aspect of dynamics in physics, whose deepest principle is that stasis and change are, to first order, relative. This why I am not convinced by claims that physics could be modeled or envisioned as a bunch of interconnected qubits.



If time is to be truly fundamental and irreducible, then there cannot be absolute, unchanging deterministic laws. One reason is that if there are such laws, then any property of the state of the world at time t′, P(t′) is a function of other properties
at an earlier or later time t,
P(t′) = F[t′,t;Pa(t)]. (8.12)
But, if this is so, then time has been eliminated, as any property of the system at a time other than t can be expressed in terms of properties only at t.
Another way to say this is that, if there is a mathematical object, M, that is a perfect mirror of the history of the universe, in the sense that every true property of the universe, and its history, corresponds to a true theorem about M, then each instance of causation, i.e., of the generation of a causal relation, is equivalent to an instance of logical implication. But this means that causation, the generation of new events from present events, is equivalent to a timeless logical implication. So causation, the essence of time, is reducible to logical implication, which is timeless.




Several of our basic principles imply that laws cannot be absolute. The usual notion of law contradicts the principle of reciprocity because laws affect the motion of matter, but how matter moves or changes has no effect on what the laws are. Similarly, the principle of causal completion is violated because a law that affects5 the motion of bodies, but cannot be affected by them, is a cause outside of the universe of causes.

Instead, we propose that laws are meaningful for only limited ranges of space and time, and that on cosmological scales, laws evolve. I have proposed, several mechanisms by which this might happen (Smolin, 1992, 1997, 2012a).




In background-independent approaches to quantum gravity, these spatial, or spacetime, relations are found to be emergent from a more fundamental network of relations. In the simplest theory, which is causal set theory, both causal and metric relations are emergent from a network of discrete causal relations. In other background-dependent approaches, such as causal dynamical triangulations, loop quantum gravity, spin foam models, and group field theories, the fundamental discrete structure is more complicated, but it is still the case that the spatial or spacetime geometry (modulo diffeomorphisms) is held to be emergent from a more fundamental discrete structure of dynamically evolving relationships.

Thus the less







      1.
Cosmological natural selection (Smolin, 1992, 1997, 2013a). This is a pro- posal I made in the late 1980s of a cosmological scenario in which laws and their parameters evolve on a landscape of possible laws (analogous to the fitness landscape of population biology).











John A. Wheeler’s famous quip (Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler, 1973) : Matter tells spacetime how to curve, and spacetime tells matter how to move.

Time does not exist. There is just the furniture of the world that we call instants of time. Something as final as this should not be seen as unexpected. I see it as the only simple and plausible outcome of the epic struggle between the basic principles of quantum mechanics and general relativity. For the one—on its standard form at least—needs a definite time, but the other denies it. How can theories with such diametrically opposed claims coexist peacefully? They are like children squabbling over a toy called time. Isn’t the most effective way to resolve such squabbles to remove the toy?
Barbour, 1999


But almost everyone appears to agree on one thing. In some way or other, space-time itself seems to fall apart at a black hole, implying that space-time is not the root level of reality, but an emergent structure from something deeper. Although Einstein conceived of gravity as the geometry of space-time, his theory also entails the dissolution of space-time, which is ultimately why information can escape its gravitational prison.


Put simply, a black hole rots from the outside in.


The particles it sheds appear to carry no information about the interior contents. If a 100-kilogram astronaut falls in, the hole grows in mass by 100 kilograms. Yet when the hole emits the equivalent of 100 kilograms in radiation, that radiation is completely unstructured. Nothing about the radiation reveals whether it came from an astronaut or a lump of lead.
That’s a problem because, at some point, the black hole emits its last ounce and ceases to be. All that’s left is a big amorphous cloud of particles zipping here and there at random. It would be impossible to recover whatever fell in. That makes black hole formation and evaporation an irreversible process, which appears to defy the laws of quantum mechanics.



https://ethicsofsuicide.lib.utah.edu/category/author/north-american-indigenous-cultures/
Among the Navajo, suicide was frowned upon, but not strongly condemned. Anthropologists Wyman and Thorne (selection #26) argue that the reason it was deemed undesirable was because of the negative effect it had upon family members and others who depended on the deceased. As with the Sioux, those who have committed suicide must carry the lethal instrument with them in the afterlife. Although suicides arrive at the same destination in the afterlife as everyone else, they are excluded from the sociality that exists there; other spirits fear and ostracize them. This echoes the earlier accounts from the Iroquois: It is not so much a judgmental deity who imposes eternal punishment on the suicide; rather, it is an isolation imposed by a fearful post-mortem society. Jerrold Levy adds (in selection #31) that suicide was not strongly condemned because of a deterministic element in the Navajo worldview: The Navajo is not wholly acting through individual will; rather, suicide is something that happens to a person and is not freely chosen.


As with all the indigenous cultures described here and in other parts of this volume, the identification of practices as “suicide” is itself subject to bias. Like most languages, Navajo has no true term for “suicide”; the closest term is a verb meaning to kill oneself, but there is no nominal expression to describe this behavior as a type or category of act. (Indeed, English had no such term until Walter Charleton pioneered the Latinate construction, sui- “self” \+ –cide, “kill,” in 1651.)


The explorer John Wesley Powell also reports a variant of self-senicide among the Utes, which he said “made a deep impression upon my mind.” (selection #35) The Utes, he says, believe that a woman who lives much beyond menopause will turn into a witch, and that it is better to die than meet such a fate. Many such women commit suicide by voluntary starvation, and he describes three old women in the process of doing so. Notes by the editor of his text indicate that Powell may not have actually seen these women but was recording a tale or myth about them; nevertheless, his portrayal of them and their final, shuffling dancing is extremely vivid.


The Klamath Indians are very much prejudiced against one taking their own life. They look down on the act, and if one should take his own life, which we call o-motch-ser-mer-yer, there is no chance for them to be saved and they go down the broad road that leads to the old woman and she gives them over to the man in the boat and he takes them over and leaves them in the wilderness where they live in misery until the judgement (sic) day and then are destroyed forever, there being no salvation for them and the family will be looked down upon for many generations to come and held back in taking part in any of their social functions.


Another was a young man of good family belonging to the Pee-wan village and he wanted to marry a girl of the upper division. The young woman refused him and this nearly broke his heart, so he went back into the mountains all alone and there he busied himself by trapping and hunting until he had accumulated great riches of valuable furs and other things and was there for a number of years when he returned to his home. He never married and lived to be an old man and all the children called him grandpa. As he became old he also became blind but the children all loved him and any of them were always ready to lead him wherever he wanted to go, and he was always ready to give blessings to the newly married couples and to newly born babies. He always wanted to visit where there was a new born baby. This old man would sweep and keep clean the village, even down to the creek and river, feeling and sweeping the whole day long and when he was tired some of the children would lead him home, and he thus lived to a good old age. So this is the way it would go in accordance with their belief in the hereafter. A Klamath Indian would never commit suicide if there was any way to prevent it on account of the stigma it would place on the family.


When a chief’s son died, the chief set out in his canoe. He was received at the house of a neighboring chief, and after the formalities he addressed his host, saying, ‘My prince has died today, and you go with him.’ Then he killed him. In this, according to their interpretation, he acted nobly because he had not been downed, but had struck back in return.


https://ethicsofsuicide.lib.utah.edu/category/author/japanese-naval-special-attack-force/
I prefer to think that “inevitability” is more important than “necessity.” One must always strive for stirb und werde! [“die and become!” or growth through death]. I am truly grateful for being aliveWe cannot detach ourselves from the present condition. It is in Welt sein [the presence in the universe] of Heidegger The most important thing is the freedom of will, freedom of spirit, amidst the chaos at present Blind obedience without free will is not an answer to our chaos. Chaos is not so simple as to be resolved by a Führer. (November 1, 1940)


I feel that I have to accept the fate of my generation to fight in the war and die. I call it “fate,” since we have to go to the battlefield to die without being able to express our opinions, criticize and argue pros and cons of issues, and behave with principles, that is, after being deprived of my own agency.To die in the war, to die at the demand of the nation—I have no intention whatsoever to praise it; it is a great tragedy.


(Oct. 12, 1941)


I do not avoid sacrifice. I do not refuse the sacrifice of my self. However, I cannot tolerate the reduction of the self to nothingness in the process. I cannot approve it. Martyrdom or sacrifice must be done at the height of self-realization. Sacrifice at the end of self-annihilation, the dissolving of the self to nothingness, has no meaning whatsoever.


Dear Parents:


Please congratulate me. I have been given a splendid opportunity to die. This is my last day. The destiny of our homeland hinges on the decisive battle in the seas to the south where I shall fall like a blossom from a radiant cherry tree.  I shall be a shield for His Majesty and die cleanly along with my squadron leader and other friends. I wish that I could be born seven times, each time to smite the enemy.
https://www.ubu.com/cc/index.html
risographed on cheap non-archival, non-acid-free newsprint, Rude with its modest print run of 200 (signed) copies, contributed its minor share to the landfills. Originally disseminated in landfills with its delicate copies covered under tonnes of debris, Luoyang invited readers to search for it by practising targeted digging, and other methods at the margins of grassroots archaeology
The females build nests of soft plant fibers and spider silk attached to twigs and vines overhanging flowing forest streams (hummingbirds, crimson topaz)

“robbing” from long-flowered Heliconia species and Calathea by piercing the bases of the corollas. As with other barbthroats, spiders are among its favorite prey.”
Although extremely fast, the very short range of the Ohka meant that it had to be carried into action as a parasite aircraft by a much larger bomber
Later versions were designed to be launched from coastal air bases and caves, and even from submarines equipped with aircraft catapults,
Essentially a 1,200-kilogram (2,600 lb) bomb with wooden wings, powered by three Type 4 Model 1 Mark 20 solid-fuel rocket motors, the Model 11 achieved great speed, but with limited range
S.L.A. Marshall did a study on the firing rates of soldiers in World War II. He found that the ratio of rounds fired vs. hits was low; he also noted that the majority of soldiers were not aiming to hit their targets. This is attributable to the inherent humanity inside the soldiers who grew up in a peaceful, equitable society.[4] This was a problem for the US military and its allies during World War II. New training was developed and hit rates improved. The changes were small, but effective. First, instead of shooting at bull's-eye type targets, the United States Army switched to silhouette targets that mimic an average human. Training also switched from 300 yard slow fire testing to rapid fire testing with different time and distance intervals from 20 to 300 yards. With these two changes, hitting targets became a reaction that was almost automatic.

* dispersing responsibility for the killing throughout the group
* displacing responsibility for the killing onto an authority figure, i.e., the commanding officer and the military hierarchy (see the Milgram experiment)
gentlemen, we are not retreating. We are merely attacking in another direction
Here’s my version of Heidegger’s “Every thinker thinks one only thought.… And for the thinker the difficulty is to hold fast to this one only thought as the one and only thing that he must think …” (Heidegger, What Is Called Thinking?, 50):
From Tiantai Zhiyi’s “Four Great Bodhisattva Vows”: “Beings are infinite in number, / I vow to save them all; / the obstructive passions are endless in number, / I vow to end them all; / … / Buddhahood is the supreme achievement, / I vow to attain it.”
50 A line in my book What Were You Thinking? appears to imply that black holes and their event horizons from the reference frame of an outside observer are the only natural objects that have aura: “If there is a natural object that has aura, it is the black hole and its event horizon from the reference frame of an outside observer” (pp. 27–28).
Leonard Susskind, “Black Holes and the Information Paradox,” Scientific American 276, no. 4 (April 1997): 55. Nietzsche writes in the “Preface for the Second Edition,” The Gay Science: “Oh, those Greeks! They knew how to live. What is required for that is to stop courageously at the surface, the fold, the skin, to adore appearance, to believe in forms, tones, words, in the whole Olympus of appearance. Those Greeks were superficial—out of profundity.” Modern science was reluctant to accept black holes (see for example Einstein’s 1939-paper “On a Stationary System with Spherical Symmetry Consisting of Many Gravitating Masses,” where he attempted to prove that black holes are impossible), indeed appears to be appalled by the deduced singularity at the center of a black hole, where, as Kip Thorne puts it, according to quantum gravity as it is currently understood, “time ceases to exist” (“no longer can we say that ‘this thing happens before that one’”), and space becomes “a random, probabilistic froth,” or “—according to the laws of general relativity—the curvature of spacetime becomes infinitely large, and spacetime ceases to exist.” Kip Thorne: “The prospects are good to study one singularity—the birth of the universe. But is there any hope ever to find and study, or make and study, singularities in the presentday universe—naked singularities? The physics ‘establishment’ is epitomized by Roger Penrose … and Stephen Hawking. The establishment’s viewpoint on naked singularities is firm and unequivocal: naked singularities are forbidden. You will never find them and can never make them; there is no hope of ever studying them in the laboratory. This assertion is embodied in Roger’s cosmic censorship conjecture, which says that all singularities except the Big Bang are hidden inside black holes—that is, they are clothed by horizons” (The Future of Theoretical Physics and Cosmology: Celebrating Stephen Hawking’s 60th Birthday, ed. G. W. Gibbons, E. P. S. Shellard, and S. J. Rankin [Cambridge, UK; New York: Cambridge University Press, 2003], 96). Jacob D. Bekenstein: “By studying the mysterious properties of black holes, physicists have deduced absolute limits on how much information a region of space or a quantity of matter and energy can hold. Related results suggest that our universe, which we perceive to have three spatial dimensions, might instead be ‘written’ on a two-dimensional surface, like a hologram” (“Information in the Holographic Universe,” Scientific American 289, no. 2 [August 2003]: 60). Leonard Susskind: “String Theory, if you take it seriously, … places every bit of information, whether in black holes or black newsprint, at the outer edges of the universe, or at ‘infinity’ if the universe has no end.… shortly before I left Utrecht for home, Gerard [’t Hooft] said something that startled me. He said that if we could look at the microscopic Planck-sized details on the walls of his office, in principle they would contain 174 175 every bit of information about the interior of the room. I don’t recall him using the word hologram … The three-dimensional world of ordinary experience—the universe filled with galaxies, stars, planets, houses, boulders, and people—is a hologram, an image of reality coded on a distant two-dimensional surface. This new law of physics, known as the Holographic Principle, asserts that everything inside a region of space can be described by bits of information restricted to the boundary” (The Black Hole War: My Battle with Stephen Hawking to Make the World Safe for Quantum Mechanics [New York: Little, Brown, 2008], 294–298). Can we not say then: Those scientists of black holes and their singularities, who knew that they should not calculate the event horizon’s radius “by the standard method of dividing the circumference by 2π” since “space can be so extremely warped near the singularity that the chaotic region might be millions of kilometers in radius though only a fraction of a centimeter in circumference …” (Kip S. Thorne, Black Holes and Time Warps: Einstein’s Outrageous Legacy [New York: W. W. Norton, 1994], 30–31), and who moved on to devise the Holographic Principle were superficial—out of profundity?
The Nationalists, led by Francisco Franco, received important support from some elements of American business. The American-owned Vacuum Oil Company in Tangier, for example, refused to sell to Republican ships and at the outbreak of the war, the Texas Oil Company rerouted oil tankers headed for the Republic to the Nationalist-controlled port of Tenerife,[60] and supplied tons of gasoline on credit to Franco until the war's end. American automakers Ford, Studebaker, and General Motors provided a total of 12,000 trucks to the Nationalists. After the war was over, José María Doussinague, who was at the time undersecretary at the Spanish Foreign Ministry, said, "without American petroleum and American trucks, and American credit, we could never have won the Civil War."[60]
The Project Gutenberg eBook of The inter ocean curiosity shop for the year 1883

This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The inter ocean curiosity shop for the year 1883

Author: Various

Editor: William P. Jones

Release date: May 7, 2023 [eBook #70718]

Language: English

Original publication: United States: The Inter Ocean Publishing Company, 1891

Credits: Bob Taylor, Juliet Sutherland and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE INTER OCEAN CURIOSITY SHOP FOR THE YEAR 1883 ***





  Transcriber’s Note
  Italic text displayed as: _italic_




  THE INTER OCEAN

  CURIOSITY SHOP

  FOR THE YEAR 1883.

  [Illustration: Decoration]

  EDITED BY

  WILLIAM P. JONES, A. M.

  [Illustration: Decoration]

  SEVENTH EDITION.

  [Illustration: Decoration]

  CHICAGO:
  THE INTER OCEAN PUBLISHING COMPANY,
  MADISON AND DEARBORN STREETS.

  1891.




PREFACE


So well known now is this little annual cyclopedia of facts in
agriculture, manufactures, commerce, politics, literature, science
and the arts, that this sixth volume of OUR CURIOSITY SHOP needs no
preface, except to make due acknowledgments to the many who have
aided the editor with information, and to explain to such of its
readers as are not yet fully advised of this fact, that these pages
constitute but a part of the several columns of questions and answers
published every week in the DAILY, SEMI-WEEKLY and WEEKLY editions
of THE INTER OCEAN. To have all such answers for the year, one must
be a regular subscriber to, and reader of, the paper. Hundreds of
disputes, raised in political gatherings, in debating societies,
in Sunday schools, in social and sporting circles, at the village
postoffice when waiting for the mail, on railway cars, in club rooms,
around pioneer camp-fires, and in all kinds of places are referred
to THE INTER OCEAN for amicable settlement. When none of the several
thousand books on the shelves of THE INTER OCEAN and the Chicago
Public Library give response to such questions, original sources
of information are appealed to; and, again therefore, the grateful
acknowledgments of the editor of OUR CURIOSITY SHOP are very heartily
made to the Heads of the several executive departments at Washington
and many of their chiefs of bureaus, to State and city officials, to
his obliging associates of THE INTER OCEAN staff, and to that daily
companion and efficient assistant, his daughter.

Every answer given here is in response to at least one person enough
interested to call it forth. Not one started up at the editor’s own
bidding, but each of them might use the speech put into the mouth of
King Philip of Pokanoket, when summoned to meet the General Court of
New Plymouth: “You sent for me, and I am here.” So, being here in
response to popular call, the editor hopes this volume will have as
cordial a welcome as the public has accorded to its predecessor of
last year, of which, already, the second edition is nearly exhausted,
and to the still earlier volumes of 1878 to 1882, inclusive. It is
now a matter of regret that the volumes of 1878 and 1879 were not
stereotyped, as all succeeding volumes have been; since that fact
renders it impossible for the Publishers to supply the repeated calls
for the entire series of six volumes. Readers will take note that the
first two are out of print, but all the others will be supplied as
fast as called for.

  THE EDITOR.




OUR CURIOSITY SHOP.


NATURE’S STORM SIGNALS.

Recent questions and answers in Our Curiosity Shop about the aurora
borealis and the Government Signal Service have moved S. H. Ruple,
M., M. D., of Oquawka, Ill., to give the result of his observations
as follows:

Falling weather follows the aurora borealis, because the lower
stratum of the atmosphere at such a time is sufficiently rarified
for the manifestation of aqueous vapor, as is indicated by the
evolution or liberation of so great a quantity of electricity as is
necessary to produce conspicuous and extensive “northern lights.”
A continuous south wind, in most localities, will in a few days
cause rain, because by its warmth it rarifies the cooler and denser
atmosphere of more northern or elevated localities, and reduces its
capability of sustaining moisture. A continuous north wind dispels
all rain signs for the time being. This is no new theory. Solomon,
3,000 years ago, put it on record in Western Asia. (Prov. xxv., 23.)
And a careful observation during twenty-five years has convinced me
that it is true for this age and country as well as for his. Flaky
clouds, or low-running ones, from any direction but the north, denote
rain or snow. Salmon, leaden, or silvery colored clouds denote
falling weather; bright red, clear. When the sunset is followed by
bright lances or streaks of light of various hues radiating from the
point where the sun disappeared, continuing across the heavens and
converging to a common point in the opposite horizon, there exists
a storm-cloud in line with the sun, though it may be so distant as
to be for awhile entirely hidden from view by the rotundity of the
earth. If the rays of light are evenly divided north and south of the
line between the observer and the radiating point, and continue so
till they have faded out, the cloud is approaching. A few years since
the writer, becoming interested in an exhibition of this phenomena,
sat up to watch the results of his calculations. About 1 a. m. the
storm (a moderate cyclone) reached the Mississippi River, about
five miles north of his residence, having, according to telegraphic
reports, crossed the State of Iowa in five hours and a half.
When “heat lightning” is visible you may be sure that there is a
storm-cloud in the same direction, though you may neither see it nor
hear the thunder. When the lightning is continuous and very brilliant
the storm may be regarded as a violent one. In this event the track
of the destructive elements may be from 100 to 200 miles away. Some
five years ago the writer’s attention was called, a little after
dark, to an extraordinary display of heat lightning in the southern
horizon, and he ventured the opinion that a devastating cyclone
was traveling eastwardly, probably in the vicinity of St. Louis.
Though residing in Oquawka, Ill., fourteen miles above Burlington,
Iowa, within twenty-four hours THE INTER OCEAN, ever watchful and
intelligent, was in his hands with telegraphic reports corroborating
his theory and predictions. Jefferson Barracks were reported damaged
by the cyclone, and across in Illinois a whole village was laid waste
and several lives lost. This was, to say the least, pretty accurate
guessing. If the old pioneers of Colorado, traveling at the rate of
twenty-five miles a day, had to toil from five to seven days after
catching their first view of the snow-cap of Pike’s Peak before
gaining the mountain foot hills, how far off may not one see the
intensely white, dazzling, and flashing illumination capping a cloud
that is from three to five miles above the earth.


LEPROSY.

  LIDELL’S GROVE, Ill.

  Please state some facts regarding leprosy and the leper settlement
  on the Hawaiian Islands. Is the same disease prevalent among the
  Chinese in California? Are Caucasians liable to contract the
  disease?

  S. GRAY.

_Answer._—There is no other malady so loathsome and so dreaded among
mankind as the terrible disease of leprosy. A little blotch appears,
often on the face of the victim, which gradually extending covers
the whole body. Scales drop from the sufferer; his limbs become
frightfully swollen, his voice grows hoarse, his eyes almost burst
from their sockets, as the irresistible decay saps his life’s blood.
While thus afflicted the victim suffers no physical inconvenience,
except the gradual loss of his limbs. His body is numb and he does
not feel the hand of the destroyer; his appetite is as good as ever,
and he sleeps with as much relish as he did when he was in health.
But in Eastern countries that which is almost as unbearable as the
disease itself is the leper’s exclusion from society, even from
that of his nearest relatives. In most countries leprosy operates
as a divorce of husband and wife. Although it does not fill the air
with contagion, yet the possible inoculation by personal contact or
by handling the same objects, has led to the banishment of lepers
not only from communities but from their homes. Whatever discussion
may still be maintained as to the contagiousness of leprosy there
exists no reasonable doubt of its transmission by heredity or
licentiousness. During the past twenty years and more the Hawaiian
Islands have received a large influx of Chinese coolies of the basest
sort through the coolie traffic. Many of these associated in the
loosest manner with the lower classes of natives, and in 1868 the
authorities awakened to the fact that leprosy was spreading at an
alarming rate. They determined on the Asiatic remedy of isolation.
The western portion of the island of Molokai was selected for this
purpose, and here to-day are found over 2,000 lepers shut out from
all hope of ever seeing their friends, unless the latter become
similarly afflicted. Three times a week a steamer visits the island,
carrying provisions and mail, and the latest victims. Among these
sufferers is William Ragsdale, the first Governor of the colony. In
California a few of the Chinese have been afflicted with the disease,
but it is not considered prevalent among them. In Salem, Mass., there
is a pitiable case. Charles Derby was living in the Hawaiian Islands,
when a slight blotch on his left temple revealed to the experienced
islanders the fact that they had among them another leper. To escape
banishment, Mr. Derby sailed for San Francisco; but was offered
no refuse there, that city following the example of Honolulu. He
then went to Salem, where they knew nothing of the disease, and
there remained until discovered by two medical students from the
Hawaiian Islands. His swollen and decaying face presents a frightful
appearance. What is to be done with him is a question which the Salem
authorities have not yet decided upon.


THE MILITARY ROAD, ARKANSAS.

  ORION, Miss.

  By whom and for what purpose was the road known as the Military
  Road, extending west of Memphis, Tenn., laid out? Where does it
  terminate?

  J. F. MC.

_Answer._—When the Creeks and Cherokees were being transferred to
lands west of the Mississippi, under the command of General Jackson,
this military road was constructed to facilitate the movement. The
road terminates at Little Rock, Ark.


AURORA BOREALIS NOT A MODERN DISCOVERY.

  LOWELL, Mich.

  I am informed, on what appears to be good authority, that the
  aurora borealis has been seen for only about two hundred years, and
  that we have no record of its previous appearance. Is such the case?

  W. A. D.

_Answer._—The aurora borealis is not a phenomenon peculiar to modern
times. The ancients used to call it chasmata, bolides and trabes,
names which expressed the different colors of the lights. The scarlet
aurora was looked upon by the superstitious barbarians as an omen of
direful slaughter; so it is not unusual for descriptions of bloody
battles to contain allusions to northern lights. In the annuls of
Cloon-mac-noise it is recorded that in 688 A. D., accompanying a
terrible battle between Leinster and Munster, Ireland, a purple
aurora lit the northern skies, foretelling the slaughter. To the
Latins and Greeks of Southern Europe the phenomenon rarely appeared,
and therefore their writings are almost, if not entirely, silent
concerning it, yet it was not unknown to them.


WHERE WAS EDEN.

  VIRGIL CITY, Mo.

  In what part of the world was the Garden of Eden located?

  C. A. SHARP.

_Answer._—This is still a matter of dispute among Biblical scholars
of the highest reputation. Some have endeavored to locate it by means
of the fruits and mineral productions named in the description given
in the second chapter of Genesis, verses 8-17. But the main question
in the opinion of most investigators is, What are the four rivers
mentioned? The weight of tradition and scholarly study inclines to
an agreement that the Tigris and Euphrates, which, after flowing in
a southeasterly direction, unite and empty into the Persian Gulf,
are the third and fourth rivers mentioned in the sacred word. But
those who agree so far differ widely as to what rivers should be
regarded as the Pison and Gihon. Some affirm that the River Pison is
the Ganges, and the Gihon the sacred river of Egypt: others that the
Garden of Eden was located on the high table-lands of Armenia, from
which rise the Tigris and Euphrates. By choosing two rivers which
flow into the Caspian Sea, or by giving the name Gihon to one river,
and the name Pison to the sea, and extending the boundaries of Eden
so as to take in these waters and the head-waters of the Euphrates
and Tigris, they consider that they have solved the mystery that
veils the cradle of our race. The fact that all the European races
of the Aryan family, and also the Semitic races, trace back their
origin to this region gives color to this solution. A few scholars
of some distinction have argued that the Adamic paradise was in the
vicinity of the mountains of the Moon in Africa, regarding the Nile
as the Pison, and the Niger as the Gihon, and reconciling it with the
views of former scholars by affirming that the Assyrian rivers at
that time had their source in the mountains of the Moon, but flowed
underneath the ground to their apparent source in the continent of
Asia. Others locate Eden in the vicinity of the ancient city of
Babylon, considering the doubtful rivers as the two channels by which
the united Tigris and Euphrates empty into the Persian Gulf. But two
things have not been explained by any of these theories. The four
rivers flow from one river, and the River Pison “compasseth the whole
land of Havilah.” Until these questions are solved the location of
the Garden of Eden will continue to remain a mystery.


THE GLACIAL PERIOD.

  HEBRON, Neb.

  Please give some information in regard to what geologists term the
  ice or glacial period. What evidence have they that such a period
  ever existed?

  JAMES KNOX.

_Answer._—The loose soil which covers so large a part of the surface
of the northern continents to a depth varying from 30 to 100 feet,
over which lie the vegetable deposits of later ages, is considered
by geologists the effect of glaciers that in the quaternary, or
latest geological age, slowly moved southward across the country.
Upon examination it is found that the erratic boulders scattered
over the Western prairies and other northern regions are unlike
the native rock of the same region, being entirely foreign to the
localities where they now appear. Sometimes the nativity of the rock
is traced hundreds of miles north of where it now rests showing that
some powerful agency has carried it southward. Again, if the native
rock be uncovered and closely examined, it will be observed to be
polished and grooved with parallel marks, running north and south, as
if chiseled out by some coarse and heavy instrument. These marks are
attributed to sharp, hard rocks projecting through the lower surfaces
of the moving glaciers. That glaciers do produce such markings is
proven by examination of the rocks which the moving ice fields of
Switzerland and other glacial regions have worn and are marking
to-day; also, the general appearance of the loose, unstratified,
heterogeneous deposit is similar to that of the moraines that the
modern glaciers leave as they slowly melt away. Geologists are
generally agreed that long before the advent of man parts of the
northern hemisphere were elevated several thousand feet higher than
they are at present, causing the cold of the arctic zone to extend
far southward into the present temperate regions, and that a vast
glacier rising in the vicinity of Hudson Bay covered our whole
continent north of the 40th parallel. In New York and other Eastern
States the rocks are scratched from a northwesterly direction, in
Ohio from a northerly, and in Iowa from a northeasterly direction,
showing in each State the direction of the origin of the glacier.
Afterward there followed a subsidence to a few hundred feet below the
existing level, followed by a gradual elevation to the situation of
the present era. These elevations and subsidences are evidenced by
stratification and fossil remains.


MAYORS OF NEW YORK.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  How long has New York City enjoyed a city charter? How many mayors
  has it had, and who have held this office since the villainous
  Oakey Hall, under whom Boss Tweed flourished?

  E. D. WALKER.

_Answer._—The lower portion of Manhattan Island was incorporated
as a city under the original Dutch regime, in 1652. Charles II. of
England, claiming all the country from the French possessions south
to Florida and west to the Pacific as belonging to the English crown,
granted a charter covering New York to his brother, the Duke of
York, who suddenly appeared before New Amsterdam and took unopposed
possession in August, 1664. The name of the city was changed to New
York. The Dutch recovered the place in August, 1673, and changed its
name to New Orange. The next year it was restored by treaty to the
English, and ever since it has kept the name of the city of New York.
Since the office of mayor was created there have been seventy-two
mayors, of whom the first one elected by the people was Cornelius W.
Lawrence. Since Oakey Hall’s administration the following persons
have held this office: Wm. F. Havemeyer, Wm. H. Wickham, Smith Ely,
Edward Cooper, Wm. R. Grace, and the present Mayor, Franklin Edson.


TENDENCY OF DUTIES TO INCREASE.

  DOW CITY, Iowa.

  When were the present tariff duties passed? Was it not when
  Congress was Democratic? Are the duties now greater or less than
  formerly?

_Answer._—The first United States tariff law on imported goods was
approved July 4, 1798. A small tax was then imposed, according to
the suggestion of Alexander Hamilton, Secretary of the Treasury,
upon sugar, coffee, tea, salt, manufactured iron, glass and wool,
silk goods, and several articles of minor importance. While the
rate of duty has fluctuated, the general tendency has been toward
an increase. This is shown by the different enactments from 1832 to
the present time. In the latter year the duty on sugar was made 2½
cents per pound; in 1841, 20 per cent; in 1842, 2½ cents per pound;
in 1846, 30 per cent; in 1857, 24 per cent; in March, 1861, ¾ cent
per pound; in August, 1861, 2 cents per pound; in December, 1861, 2½
cents per pound; in 1862, 3 cents per pound; while the present rate
ranges, according to grade, from 57½ to 61¾ per cent. In 1832 the
duty on woolen manufactures was 50 per cent; in 1841, 20 per cent
ad valorem; in 1842, 40 per cent; in 1857, 24 per cent; in March,
1861, 25 per cent and 12 cents per pound; in 1862, 30 per cent and
18 cents per pound; in 1864, 40 per cent and 24 cents per pound; in
1867, 35 per cent and 50 cents per pound, while the present duty
upon woolen imports ranges, according to value, between 41 and 80
per cent. The same gradual increase is observable in silks, which in
1832 were admitted on an ad valorem duty of 10 per cent; in 1841, 20
per cent; in 1842, $2.50 per pound, changing in the same year to 25
per cent. In 1857 it was 19 per cent; in March, 1861, 30 per cent;
in August, 1861, 30 per cent; in 1864, 60 per cent, and in 1881,
58 to 70 per cent. With the exception of a few years when Andrew
Jackson was President, the different Congresses, Democratic as well
as Republican, have sustained the duties upon the imports of this
country. While the Republicans are mainly responsible for whatever is
good or bad in our present tariff laws, Democratic Representatives
from manufacturing districts have of late years, as a rule, given
cheerful aid to the maintenance of a protective tariff.


WHAT IS A CARAT.

  CHICAGO.

  Is a carat a measure of weight or fineness?

  J. A. YOUNG.

_Answer._—It is used by jewelers to express both. A carat weighs
4 grains, or the 120th part of an ounce, troy. In determining the
fineness of a precious metal 24 carats is considered the standard of
purity; hence an 18-carat gold ring would be a ring containing 18
parts in 24 of pure gold.


INSTITUTIONS FOR FEEBLE-MINDED.

  HOWARD CITY, Mich.

  Do any of the States support asylums for weak-minded or imbecile
  persons?

  C. J. BURTCH.

_Answer._—The State of Ohio supports such an institution at Columbus,
and the State of Illinois at Lincoln. Several other States have
similar asylums.


DUTY ON GUNS.

  LOWELL, Ind.

  Please give the amount of duty on imported guns and gun material.

  F. CASTLE.

_Answer._—The rate of duty on guns is 35 per cent; gun barrels,
wholly iron, 35 per cent; gun blocks, wooden, rough-hewn, or sawed
only, 20 per cent; gun locks, steel, 45 per cent; plugs and nipples,
for guns of iron and steel, 45 per cent.


HENRY JAMES, SENIOR AND JUNIOR.

  DENVER, Ind.

  Will you please mention the titles of the works of Henry James,
  concerning whom an article recently appeared in THE SEMI-WEEKLY
  INTER OCEAN.

  R. F. OPLINGER.

_Answer._—Henry James, concerning whose death an interesting article
recently appeared in this paper, was the author of “Moralism and
Christianity;” “Lectures and Miscellanies;” “The Church of Christ not
an Ecclesiasticism;” “The Nature of Evil;” “Christianity, the Logic
of Creation;” “Substance and Shadow;” “The Secret of Swedenborg,”
and “Reminiscences of Carlyle.” He was a clergyman and not a writer
of romance; but his son, Henry James, Jr., is a novelist, and has
written the following popular works in this line: “Watch and Ward;”
“The American;” “Daisy Miller;” “An International Episode;” “The
Diary of a Man of Fifty;” “Washington Square;” “A Bundle of Letters,”
and other works of fiction; also, “Transatlantic Sketches,” a volume
of travel; “Hawthorne,” one of the series entitled “English Men of
Letters,” and “French Poets and Novelists,” a book in the nature of a
criticism.


THE LANGUAGE OF GEMS.

  ALDEN, Iowa.

  Please give the language of gems and precious stones.

  C. L. F.

_Answer._—The language of the various precious stones is as follows:

Moss Agate—Health, prosperity, and long life.

Amethyst—Prevents violent passions.

Bloodstone—Courage, wisdom, and firmness in affection.

Chrysolite—Frees from evil passions and sadness.

Emerald—Insures true love, discovers false.

Diamond—Innocence, faith, and virgin purity, friends.

Garnet—Constancy and fidelity in every engagement.

Opal—Sharpens the sight and faith of the possessor.

Pearl—Purity; gives clearness to physical and mental sight.

Ruby—Corrects evils resulting from mistaken friendship.

Sapphire—Repentance; frees from enchantment.

Sardonyx—Insures conjugal felicity.

Topaz—Fidelity and friendship; prevents bad dreams.

Turquoise—Insures prosperity in love.


PHRENOLOGY.

  MT. AYR, Iowa.

  Give a short history of phrenology, mentioning in particular its
  more prominent advocates.

  E. E. DAVIS.

_Answer._—The history of phrenology is embodied in the lives of
its expounders. Although the prominent thinkers of mediæval Europe
acknowledged many of its principles, it was not until 1796 that
phrenology found an able and persistent advocate. Franz Joseph Gall,
who in 1758 was born in Baden, began in his childhood to study the
human face and head, and connect the various dispositions of men
with certain prominences noticeable in the shape of their skulls. He
studied medicine at various colleges, receiving his degree at Vienna.
Eleven years after his graduation he delivered a lecture in that
city, expounding his views on the subject which had been his constant
study. It was not well received, and his subsequent writings and
lectures were subjected to considerable censure and ridicule. They
were, indeed, to such an extent unpopular that in 1805 the Austrian
Government interdicted them, and he was compelled to refrain from
further advancing his views in that country. With Kasper Spurzheim,
a talented young man, who had embraced his doctrines while attending
the school of medicine in Vienna, Dr. Gall changed his abode to
Paris. In that city, with the aid of his pupil, he succeeded in
making a considerable impression. He afterward became a citizen of
France, and died in 1828, near Paris, leaving several works valuable
to the student of phrenology. In the meantime Dr. Spurzheim visited
England. His lectures were listened to with considerable interest and
many in that country adopted his views. In 1832 he came to the United
States; but soon after his first lecture, which had created quite a
sensation, he died in Boston. His efforts in England and Scotland
were continued by George Combe, a lawyer, who wrote and lectured in
those countries, and who also visited the United States. But he to
whom most credit is due for extending the tenets of phrenology in
this country is Oscar Squire Fowler, who was born at Cohocton, N. Y.,
Oct. 11, 1809, was educated at Amherst College, and has spent most of
his life in advocating his views. In 1876 he made his home at Boston,
although much of his time was spent in lecturing in various parts of
the land. Although one of the fundamental principles of phrenology is
that the mind is material and inseparable from the body, yet many who
deny such a conclusion accept some of its inferences.


THE CAPITOL OF NEW YORK.

  VALPARAISO, Ind.

  How much has the State of New York expended on its State House?
  What will be the total cost of the building?

  J. M.

_Answer._—In 1880 a report presented to the State Legislature of New
York in reference to the State House declared that $13,000,000 had
already been expended and that the ultimate cost of the building
would be fully $20,000,000. With all this lavish expenditure the
State House is said to be inadequate; its lower rooms are dark and
unwholesome; the acoustics of the Senate Chamber render it difficult
to hear a debate; and considerable complaint is made because the
building, which covers three acres, is three-fifths halls and
corridors.


SILVER POLISH.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What chemical used in boiling water will polish German silver.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—To clean and polish silver, silver-plate, and alloys, the
following method is often employed: To 1 quart of water is added 1
ounce of carbonate of potash and ¼ pound of whiting. This is heated,
and the silver immersed. When the liquid has boiled for twenty
minutes it is removed from the fire and permitted to cool. Each piece
is then taken out and polished with soft leather.


THE FAMOUS BURLEIGH.

  COLFAX, Ind.

  Give me a short history of Lord Burleigh.

  SAMUEL SMITH.

_Answer._—William Cecil Burleigh, who, Hume declares, was the “most
vigilant, active and prudent Minister ever known in England,” was
born in Lincolnshire in 1520. He studied law and graduated at
Cambridge. When only 28 years old, he became Secretary of State, but
at the accession of the Catholic Queen Mary he resigned. Although he
was a stanch supporter of the Protestant cause, he was one of the
few who was not persecuted. When Queen Elizabeth in 1558 succeeded
her sister, Burleigh again assumed control of the state and became
virtually the Prime Minister. For forty years he retained this
office, until his death. To his ability much of the credit of
Elizabeth’s wise and prosperous reign is due. He was a man in whom
“the Virgin Queen” could place entire confidence. He was rewarded in
1571 with a barony and in the following year was made Lord Treasurer.
His rule has been severely criticised in some particulars, and
especially as regards his treatment of Mary, Queen of Scots; but his
integrity and statesmanship have never been called in question by
well-informed, impartial historians.


STATISTICS OF RELIGIOUS SECTS.

  CORNING, Iowa.

  Please give the names of the various religious denominations in the
  United States and their respective membership.

  J. B. G.

_Answer._—The denominational statistics of the census if compiled
are not available. The Rand-McNally Index of the World gives the
following data for Jan. 1, 1881, which may be considered a fair
estimate:

  Roman Catholic                6,174,202
  Baptist                       2,133,044
  Methodist                     1,680,779
  M. E. South                     828,013
  Lutheran                        684,570
  Presbyterian                    573,377
  Christian                       567,448
  Congregational                  383,685
  Protestant Episcopal            323,876
  United Brethren                 155,437
  Reformed Church in U. S.        154,742
  United Evangelical              144,000
  Presbyterian South              119,970
  Protestant Methodist            118,170
  Cumberland Presbyterian         111,855
  Mormon                          110,377
  Evangelical Association          99,607
  The Brethren                     90,000
  United Presbyterian              80,236
  Reformed Church in America       78,917
  Freewill Baptists                76,706
  Friends                          67,643
  Second Adventist                 63,500
  Anti-Mission Baptist             40,000
  Universalist                     37,945
  Church of God                    20,224
  Wesleyan Methodist               17,847
  Moravian                         16,112
  Seventh Day Adventist            14,733
  Jews                             13,683
  Free Methodist                   12,120
  Adventist                        11,100
  Reformed Episcopal               10,459
  Seventh Day Baptist               8,606
  Reformed Presbyterian             6,020
  New Jerusalem                     4,734
  Primitive Methodist               3,370
  New Mennonite                     2,990
  American Communities              2,838
  Shaker                            2,400
  Independent Methodist             2,100
  Six Principle Baptist             2,075


THE ITALIAN POET TASSO.

  CHARLESTON, Ill.

  Will you please give something of the life and writings of Torquato
  Tasso?

  H. B. GLASSCO.

_Answer._—Torquato Tasso, the unfortunate Italian poet, was born in
1544. With the intention of practicing law he studied at Naples,
Rome, and afterward at Bergamo. The wonderful popularity of his first
poem, “Rinaldo,” written when only 18 years old, led him to abandon
jurisprudence and devote himself entirely to literary pursuits.
This production was a lively epic composed of twelve cantos, full
of the romance of mediæval times. Soon after he began to labor on
his “Gerusalemme Liberata,” or Jerusalem liberated, his chief work,
which he completed in 1575. He was for a time in great favor at court
and in the Vatican, and the Pope bestowed many favors upon him, and
King Alfonso II. gave him a pension. The Duke of Ferrara became
his especial patron, and treated him as a member of his household,
until Tasso conceived an uncontrollable affection for the Duke’s
daughter, which she did not reciprocate, while the Duke was offended.
In despair he yielded to melancholy, which soon grew into a species
of insanity, so that it became necessary to remove him to the home
of his sister. Here he partially recovered, but he would not be
satisfied until again admitted to the Duke of Ferrara’s household,
where his malady returned, and the Duke, in 1579, removed him to an
insane asylum. There he remained seven years, while all Italy was
singing his praises. After his release he resided at Mantua, and
then at Naples. In 1594, the Pope, Clement VIII., invited him to
come to Rome and be crowned; but before he could go to receive the
promised honors, he died, April 25, 1595. Two of his dramatic poems
“Aminta” and “Torrismondo,” were received with great favor; but that
which contributed most to his fame was the “Gerusalemme Liberata,”
translated into the English by Edward Fairfax as early as 1600 and
by J. K. James as late as 1865. Tasso takes rank among Italian poets
next after Dante.


THE GUITEAU JURY.

  DUNLAP, Iowa.

  Give the names of the jurors in the Guiteau trial.

  JOHN KEITGES.

_Answer._—After three days’ labor the following jury was selected
for the Guiteau trial: John P. Harlin, Fred W. Brandenburg, Charles
G. Stewart, Henry J. Bright, Thomas H. Langley, Michael Sheehan,
Samuel F. Hobbs, G. W. Gates, Ralph Wormley, William H. Browner, T.
Heinlein, and Joseph Prather.


THE ERIE AND MICHIGAN CANAL.

  FAIRMONT, Ind.

  Is there a prospect of a canal connecting Lakes Erie and Michigan?
  What would be the length of the canal? What would be the distance
  around the lakes between the mouths of the proposed canals?

  C. T. COX.

_Answer._—There is no prospect of an early union of Lake Erie and
Lake Michigan by a canal. The length of such waterway would be about
200 miles. The distance around the lakes, from the eastern mouth of
the proposed canal to the western mouth is about 700 miles.


A RETIRED CONGRESSMAN.

  MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.

  Who represented the Ninth District of Ohio in Congress in 1864 and
  1865? Please give a brief sketch of his life.

  A READER.

_Answer._—Warren P. Noble, who represented the Ninth District of Ohio
in Congress from 1861 to 1865, was born in Pennsylvania, June 14,
1821. He received a common school education, and in his youth moved
to Ohio, where he studied law. He began to practice at Tiffin, where
his abilities were soon recognized, and he became a member of the
Legislature of his State, serving in that capacity from 1856 to 1860.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-seventh Congress in 1860,
re-elected in 1862, serving in both Congresses on the Committee on
Patents. Being defeated by the Republican nominee in 1864, and this
party having grown powerful by the success of its wise and patriotic
policy before another biennial election came around, Mr. Noble
retired permanently from politics.


SAMUEL J. RANDALL.

  BLOOMINGTON, Ill.

  Send us a few facts in regard to ex-Speaker Randall, one of the big
  chiefs in the Democratic camp.

  S. MOORE.

_Answer._—Samuel J. Randall is undoubtedly one of the leading spirits
in his party. He is a shrewd, sagacious politician rather than a
great statesman, but in statesmanship he is one of the prominent
figures on the Democratic side of the House. He is shrewd enough to
know that a Democrat of out-and-out free-trade professions would have
no encouragement to aspire to any office in the gift of Pennsylvania,
but besides this it is only fair to grant him credit for knowing
that it would be ruinous to the enormous mining, manufacturing,
and farming interests of his State for this country to practice
free trade. So he has been instrumental in keeping a considerable
following of Democrats who will vote with him against violent
reductions in the present tariff. Mr. Randall is a Philadelphian by
birth. He was born Oct. 10, 1828; received a fair academic education;
was for a time engaged in mercantile business; was for four years a
member of the City Council; then a member of the State Senate for
a year; was elected to the Thirty-eighth Congress, and has held
membership in the House ever since. In the election of 1880 he
carried his district by 13,661 votes, against 9,880 for B. L. Berry,
Republican, and he was re-elected last November by a still larger
majority. He has sat on several of the most important committees
in the House; was Speaker for the last session of the Forty-fourth
Congress, for the Forty-fifth and the Forty-sixth Congresses, and has
a fair prospect of being Speaker of the next Congress.


CAN A JEW BE A GERMAN?

  ROCK FALLS, Ill.

  Is it possible for a Jew to be a German, or a German a Jew? And how
  is it in other countries?

  L. E. C. ROE.

_Answer._—A German may be a Jew, or a Jew a German, Englishman,
Frenchman, Italian, American, or of any nationality under the sun.
As a Jew his nationality embraces the world; in many respects he
still observes the laws of Moses, and by marriage and other peculiar
institutions he maintains his race distinctions and national
feelings. At the same time he is now in most Christian states a
citizen of the land he happens to be born in, and in most such lands
is permitted to enjoy all the rights of other citizens, as is the
case with American Jews. It was not always so. It is only since
the establishment of the German Empire, in 1871, that the Jew has
enjoyed full civil equality in Germany. France granted it in 1790,
and confirmed this grant in the constitution of 1795. In all but a
few petty, contemptible particulars, since 1858 English Jews have
enjoyed all the privileges of other British subjects. In Russia and
some other European countries the Jew is still denied the rights of
citizenship.


DUTIES ON FARM PRODUCTS AND COAL.

  REST, Kas.

  Give the present import duty on the various kinds of grain, also
  potatoes, butter, cheese, and coal, and oblige several readers.

  JOHN F. COULTER.

_Answer._—The following are the import duties on some of the
principal farm products and coal:

  Wheat, seed or other      20 cts. per bu. of 60 lbs.
  Wheat flour                              20 per cent
  Corn                      10 cts. per bu. of 56 lbs.
  Corn meal                                10 per cent
  Barley, 48 lbs. to bu.               15 cts. per bu.
  Barley, patent                           20 per cent
  Barley, pearl or hulled                1 ct. per lb.
  Barley, pulverized                       20 per cent
  Oats                      10 cts. per bu. of 32 lbs.
  Oatmeal                                ½ ct. per lb.
  Rye                       15 cts. per bu. of 56 lbs.
  Rye flour                                10 per cent
  Rye shorts                               10 per cent

The import duty on potatoes, seed or otherwise, is 14 cents per
bushel; on butter, 4 cents per pound; on cheese of all kinds, 4 cents
per pound; on salt in bulk, 8 cents per 100 pounds; in bags, sacks,
barrels, or other packages or in brown earthenware jars, 12 cents per
100 pounds; on bituminous coal, 75 cents per ton of 28 bushels of 80
pounds each; on dust coal, 40 cents per ton; on cannel coal, 75 cents
per ton.


ST. HELENA.

  RACCOON, Ill.

  What are the area and present population of the island of St.
  Helena? What is its history? Was the banishment of Napoleon just?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The island of St. Helena, whose name always recalls the
gloomy downfall of Napoleon I., contains an area of about forty-seven
miles. It supports a population of 6,241 souls. It was discovered in
1501 by Juan de Nova Castella, a bold Portugese navigator, who gave
it the name St. Helena, because he first saw it on the day sacred to
that saint in the Romish calendar. In the following century the Dutch
took possession and retained it until England seized it in 1673. When
Napoleon Bonaparte was first banished to this island and held here
as a political prisoner under British surveillance, the population
was but about 800,200 of whom were soldiers and 300 slaves. The
importance to a maratime nation like Great Britain of St. Helena,
lying as it does in the path of European, South African, Australian,
and India and China trade, developed as years passed: its value as a
naval station and its other strategic advantages have become more and
more apparent, and now it is looked upon as one of the strong keys of
English power in the South Atlantic.


HOW SLAVERY AFFECTED CONGRESSIONAL APPORTIONMENTS.

  HENRIETTA, Neb.

  Were slaveholders entitled to extra votes for the slaves which they
  possessed?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—In Congressional apportionments before the war, five
negroes were counted as equal to three whites. Of course the slaves
were not permitted to vote, but the voting power of the whites was
plainly magnified over that of an equal number of whites in the free
States. For example, the first Congressional apportionment allowed
one representative for every 30,000 inhabitants; but in the South
21,000 whites owning 15,000 slaves counted the same as 30,000 whites
in the North where there were no slaves, or 15,000 whites holding
25,000 slaves were granted the same representation in Congress and
the electoral college as double the number of Northern whites.


JEFFERSON AND JEFFERSONIANISM.

  BELLE PLAINE, Iowa.

  Please give a brief biography of Thomas Jefferson.

  A SON OF VULCAN.

_Answer._—“Thomas Jefferson, author of the Declaration of American
Independence, of the statute of Virginia for religious freedom,
and father of the University of Virginia,” is the inscription upon
Jefferson’s tombstone. He was born April 2, 1743, in the county of
Albemarle, in the interior of Virginia, then a desolate forest. His
diligence and study was encouraged by his parents, who placed him
under the care of a talented Scottish clergyman. When he was 17
he entered William and Mary College, and after graduation studied
law. In 1759 he was chosen to represent his county in the House of
Burgesses, where he continued with but little interruption until the
days of the revolution. Like George Washington, disappointed in his
first love, he married a widow, in 1772. Three years later he was
sent as a delegate to the Second Continental Congress. As Chairman
of the committee to draft the Declaration of Independence, he is
said to have written the whole of that document, which, with a few
minor amendments, was adopted by Congress and sent to the King of
England. In October he resigned and retired to his farm, but only
again to be forced into civil life by his election to the State
Legislature. During the war he was not only busy in originating and
advocating measures to aid the cause of liberty but also he began a
thorough revision of the statutes of Virginia. From 1779 to 1781 he
served as Governor. After a short term in the House of Burgesses he
was sent to the Confederate Congress, which, in 1784, thought fit to
appoint him as one of the three commissioners to negotiate treaties
with European nations. Upon Franklin’s return Jefferson was made
Minister Plenipotentiary to the court of Louis XVI. He watched with
eager interest the progress of the French Revolution, and when given
a leave of absence in 1789 returned filled with democratic ideas
from the new republic. Upon his landing he was immediately tendered
by Washington a position in his Cabinet as Secretary of State. Soon
it became evident to Jefferson that among the President’s advisers
there existed a radical difference of opinion on nearly every
important subject. Hamilton was regarded by the Secretary of State
as a man in favor of a constitutional monarchy, and the latter’s
ideas of centralization were construed to mean the destruction of
the existing Constitution and the formation of a government like
that of England. The Secretary of the Treasury, on the other hand,
believed Jefferson to be infused with the socialistic democracy of
France, and one whose principles if put in practice would overthrow
the Constitution and produce anarchy. To Jefferson the financial
policy of Hamilton was very aggravating. The recommendations of
the Treasurer to Congress he believed to be in the interest of the
speculators and the moneyed classes. On New Year’s Day, 1794, he
resigned his office, greatly to the annoyance of Washington, who
was reluctantly compelled to acquiesce, and returned to his farm.
The position occupied by the first President was a peculiarly
embarrassing one. He had in his Cabinet Jefferson and Randolph, the
leaders of the Republican, or Anti-Federal party, and Hamilton and
Knox prominent Federalists. With such associations the administration
as a whole was comparatively little criticised, although Hamilton and
Jefferson were the targets for the denunciations of their respective
opponents. In 1800 Jefferson and Burr each received 73 electoral
votes to Adams’ 65, which threw the election into the House.
According to the decision of that body Jefferson was inaugurated
March 4, 1801. His frugal administration increased the popularity
of his party, which continued to remain in power twenty-four years.
After having served two terms he again retired to his farm, a poor
man, considerably burdened with debt. Congress purchased his library,
which their committee valued at $23,000, although its cost had been
nearly double that sum. Mr. Bacon, who had charge of the removal,
says that there were sixteen wagon loads, each wagon being required
to carry at least 3,000 pounds. The remainder of his life he spent
in endeavoring to introduce schools and colleges, and in general,
the New England system of local government into his native State.
After witnessing the establishment of the University of Virginia, he
died July 4, 1826, upon the same day that John Adams passed away. In
politics Jefferson was considered by the Federalists as a theorist.
Speaking of his administration, Gouverneur Morris says: “There is
just now so much philosophy among our rulers that we must not be
surprised at the charge of pusillanimity.” In religion he was very
bitter against the Calvinists, and held Unitarian views.


WHAT IS MICA—WHERE OBTAINED?

  AURORA, Neb.

  What is mica, and where is it found?

  B. O. B.

_Answer._—Mica consists of a silicate of alumina, combined, according
to species, with small proportions of potash, soda, lithia, oxide
of iron, oxide of manganese, etc. The most common and serviceable
variety is known as potash mica. It is a constituent of granite,
gneiss, mica slate, and several other kindred rocks. It is found both
disseminated and in veins. It is very widely distributed, especially
in composition with other minerals; but there are comparatively few
localities where it is known to exist in such quantities and form as
to be mined with profit. Its most valuable form is that of muscovite,
in which it appears in translucent lamina or plates. The larger and
clearer these plates the greater the value of the mine or quarry. In
Siberia they have been found more than three feet across, and they
have been obtained of great size in Sweden and Norway. This is also
the case at Acworth, Grafton, and Alstead, N. H., and mica has been
found large enough for economic use in Canada. Mica is used largely
for the doors of stoves and the sides of lanterns. It is employed in
some countries as a substitute for window glass, and its toughness
recommends it for this purpose on board vessels of war. It has also
been used for spectacles. When ground it makes a cheap bronzing
powder. There are some mica factories in North Carolina, near
Mitchell County mica mines. In the state of a fine powder it is used
to give a brilliant appearance to walls, and as a sand for drying ink
on manuscripts. Lithia mica contains a small proportion of lithia,
which gives it in many cases a fine rose or peachblow color, so that
it is used for ornamental purposes.


WHY THE GREAT DIPPER SPINS AROUND THE POLE.

  COLDWATER, Mich.

  Please explain the apparent revolution of the Dipper about the
  Polar Star.

  J. C. A.

_Answer._—The Great Dipper only appears to revolve, owing to the
revolution of the earth. Of course, it makes an apparent revolution
every twenty-four hours, the same as the sun. It is visible
throughout the entire night because it is within what is called the
circle of perpetual apparition, or that part of the heavens which is
always in sight to the observer. This circle enlarges as one travels
from the equator, where it is nothing, to the pole, where it takes in
the whole northern hemisphere.


THE OLD UNITED STATES BANK.

  CRESTON, Iowa.

  Please give the location and explain the government of the first
  and second banks of the United States.

  M. M. MCKEE.

_Answer._—The act establishing the old United States Bank,
although opposed by the Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, and
by Edmund Randolph, the Attorney General, on the ground of its
unconstitutionality, was approved by President Washington, July
25, 1791. The bank was organized at Philadelphia. The different
clauses declared that the capital should be $10,000,000, which
should be divided into 25,000 shares of $400 each; that any person,
copartnership or body politic might subscribe for any number of
shares not exceeding 1,000—only the United States could subscribe
for more than this number of shares; that, with the exception of
the United States, the subscriptions should be payable one-fourth
in gold and silver, and the remaining three-fourths in certain 6
per cent bonds of the United States; that the subscribers should
be incorporated under the name of “The President, Directors, and
company of the Bank of the United States,” and the organization
should continue until March 4, 1811; that the bank could hold
property of all kinds, inclusive of its capital, to the amount of
$15,000,000; that twenty-five directors should be chosen, who in
turn should choose from their number a President; that as soon as
$400,000 in gold and silver was received on subscription the bank
could organize, after giving a notice of its intention. The general
effect of this institution was very salutary. The credit of the
United States became firmly established. The bank notes stood at par
with gold and silver. The large deposits made the money available
for the use of the Treasury, and the State bank currency, which had
flooded the country, with no prospects of redemption, was greatly
reduced. But with all its recognized advantages the act to re-charter
was defeated in 1811, by the casting vote of the Vice President,
George Clinton. Its loss, however, was immediately felt in the sudden
and rapid increase of the currency of the State banks. To ward off
an impending crisis, the second bank was established by an act
approved by President Madison, April 10, 1816, at Philadelphia. A
capital of $35,000,000 was required, which was to be equally divided
into 350,000 shares, of which the United States took 70,000. The
charter extended to March 3, 1836. It was prohibited from lending on
account of the United States more than $500,000, or to any prince or
foreign power any sum whatever, without the sanction of law first
obtained. The bank was also prohibited from issuing bills of less
denomination than $5. In time, to facilitate business, branch offices
were established in every State. In December, 1829, however, the
bank met strenuous opposition in the message of President Jackson,
who argued, like Jefferson, against the constitutionality of its
charter. When Congress, in 1832, passed a bill to re-charter the
institution, Jackson imposed his veto, and soon after removed from
the bank the United States’ deposits. The bank corporation, however,
continued to exist, hoping that succeeding elections would change the
complexion of affairs before their charter expired; but in this they
were disappointed. In 1836 the charter terminated, and a few months
afterward the business interests of the country were overwhelmed in a
most disastrous financial revulsion.


JAMES FENIMORE COOPER.

  PERRYVILLE, Ind.

  Give a short biography of James Fenimore Cooper.

  C. A. MOODY.

_Answer._—J. Fenimore Cooper, the pioneer of American novelists,
was born in Burlington, N. J., Sept. 15, 1789. Reared in the wild
country surrounding Otsego Lake, he early became acquainted with the
natural scenery which he afterward so vividly described. His father,
who was a member of Congress, sent him when but 13 to Yale College,
where he remained two years. At the age of 16 he joined the United
States navy, and made two extended cruises, which gave him all the
information he desired concerning the sea. Resigning, he married, and
settled at Westchester, N. Y., where he began to write his novels.
The first, “Precaution,” appeared in 1819, and from that time he
continued to write until his death, in 1851. In 1826 he visited
Europe, returning in 1833. The novels of Cooper are considered
remarkable for their descriptions; but in the general finish of
his stories he has many superiors. His histories, while they are
fascinating in interest, are not considered altogether reliable. His
principal works are “The Pioneers,” “The Spy,” “The Pilot,” “The
Prairie,” “Naval History of the United States,” and “The Pathfinder.”


MACKINAC.

  BRIMFIELD, Ind.

  Please give a short history of Mackinac Island.

  D. D. POITNER.

_Answer._—The island of Mackinac, famed in Indian legends and the
early French and English history of the West, was first visited by
white men in 1634, when John Nicollet and a few Hurons and French
voyageurs came to Green Bay to make a treaty with the Indians of
that region. In 1670 that devout Jesuit missionary, Jean Marquette,
lived on this island for about two years while building a chapel
and dwelling on a point opposite on the site of the present
Mackinac City. While here he wrote the following description:
“Missili-Mackinac is an island, famous in these regions. It is of
more than a league in diameter, and elevated in some places into
such high cliffs as to be seen more than twelve leagues off. It is
situated just in the strait forming the communication between Lakes
Huron and Illinois (Michigan). It is the key and, as it were, the
gate for all the tribes from the south.” “This place is the most
noted in these regions for the abundance of its fisheries; for,
according to the Indian saying, this is the home of the fishes.”
The history of this gem of the lakes is intertwined with that of
the old Mackinac town. This ancient village was for many centuries
the headquarters of the Ottawa, Objibwa, and other Indian nations,
and when Marquette succeeded in winning their friendship and in
constructing his chapel, it became the great trading post of the
French-Canadians. Soon a fort was constructed, and the white
foreigners lived here and traded in peace. But when in 1759 Quebec
was taken by the English, Mackinac fell to the conquerors. These
new masters were very unpopular with the suspicious inhabitants,
who soon found an opportunity to avenge their previous wrongs and
defeats by a complete massacre of the garrison. In order to retain
a post in that locality and prevent a repetition of such slaughter,
the English constructed in 1780 a fort on the island, which in 1793
was surrendered to the United States. In the war of 1812 it was
surprised before its garrison was aware of the declaration of war and
surrendered to the English besiegers. Upon the close of the struggle
it was returned to the jurisdiction of the United States. For many
years the island was the outfitting and furnishing place of John
Jacob Astors’ Indian traffic, under the name of the Northwestern Fur
Company, but when that gentleman sold out in 1834 to Ramsey Crooks,
of New York, the trade of the post gradually decreased. The island
is one of the most beautiful localities, in its natural scenery and
surroundings, of which our country can boast. The clear water, the
imposing rocks, and the old fort, all add luster to its many charms.
One of its chief natural attractions is Arch Rock, which, projecting
from the precipice on the northeastern side of the island, forms
a natural bridge 140 feet in height. The bridge, the Indians say,
was constructed by the giant fairies, who formerly made the island
their abode, but the unpoetical scientist declares that at one time
the water was much higher than in this age, and that its continuous
action wore away the calcareous rock, and left this arch.


METALS AND THEIR USES.

  WALL LAKE, Iowa.

  How many kinds of metals are there? For what are they used; where
  found?

  LAURA.

_Answer._—There is a difference of opinion among practical chemists
as to the number of existing metals. Professor Youmans affirms that
there are at least fifty simple metals, nearly one-half of which are
of little importance. Other scientists make the number considerably
less. The greater number of metals are rarely or never found in
nature in a simple state. They exist in compound forms, and are
useful only in such conditions. For example, sodium, the basis of
our common salt, cannot be exposed to any moisture, and therefore in
its simple state is comparatively useless. Aluminum, as it is found
in the ordinary clay, or the alum of commerce, is of great utility,
but when separated from its associated elements its use is confined
almost exclusively to the laboratory. Of the more important metals
iron is the king. In its production Great Britain leads the world.
From her furnaces and mills in 1879 were taken 5,995,337 tons of
cast and pig iron, and 1,344,297 tons of steel, a ton consisting of
2,240 lbs. During the same year the United States produced 2,741,853
tons of iron, and 1,440,121 tons of steel; Germany, 2,161,192 tons
of iron and 800,000 tons of steel, and France, 1,344,759 tons of
iron and 561,691 tons of steel. Of the production in the United
States, Pennsylvania furnaces yielded about one-half, and those of
Ohio about one-seventh. Copper has been in use from early times.
Often among the bones of primitive man are found utensils beaten
out of this malleable metal. At present it is mined extensively in
Wales, Germany, Australia, Upper Michigan, Northern Wisconsin and
Minnesota, and to a small degree in various other localities. Tin
is found either as rock-tin, in veins with rock and other ores,
or as stream-tin in alluvial deposits. The principal mines are in
Cornwall, Germany, Hungary, Bohemia, Mexico and China. Not only is
it used in the manufacture of tin-plate, but also in the composition
of various valuable alloys. Zinc, in the form of a carbonate or
selicate, is obtained from mines in Silesia and Belgium, and also
in small quantities in Wales, France, and this country. Like tin,
it is used in the composition of various alloys, as well as in the
ordinary form of zinc plate. Until a recent date, the value of
nickel was not known. The Germans, who, out of derision, gave it its
name, were accustomed to cast it aside as a spurious or base copper.
The mines of Germany and Wales produce nearly the entire amount,
although a little has been obtained from mines in Pennsylvania. Its
use is mainly confined to its alloys, such as German silver, white
metal, and a few minor coins. Platinum, which, owing to its high
fusive point and its lack of affinity for acids is peculiarly adapted
for the manufacture of chemical vessels, is found in Brazil, and
also in Russia. In the production of gold the United States leads
all other countries. The yield of our gold mines in 1881 was valued
at $36,500,000, while the total yield from 1845 to 1880 amounted to
$1,523,678,301. Between the years 1493 and 1875 Austria produced in
gold $889,963,800, New Granada $596,501,675, and Russia $590,629,944.
The silver of the world for the last four centuries has been
produced mainly in Mexico, Peru, and Bolivia. Since the discovery of
America Mexican mines have yielded over $2,600,280,659; Peruvian,
$1,065,357,084; and Bolivian, $1,286,999,947. The mines of the United
States have yielded since their first discovery about $540,000,000.
Mercury is obtained either in the fluid state, inclosed in the rocky
receptacles of the earth, or is derived by roasting its sulphate.
In Southern California and Mexico, and also in Austria and Spain,
productive mines are worked. It is valuable in the construction of
thermometers, barometers, pendulums, etc., manufactures, and also in
refining metals by amalgamation.


A SHORT HISTORY OF SUFFRAGE.

  WOODLAWN, Mo.

  Please give a brief history of the right of suffrage in this
  country.

  READER.

_Answer._—The history of suffrage has been a record of progress and
extension. The most limited form is observed in the first election
of the Virginia colony in 1607, and the most extensive to-day is in
Wyoming Territory. By the charter granted to the Virginia Company
the members of a council of settlers, chosen by a higher council
resident in England, were privileged to choose annually a President
from their own number. In accordance with this the first right of
suffrage that existed in any permanent American colony was exercised
by six members of the council, who, in May, 1607, chose Edward Maria
Wingfield as the first President. In 1619 the different towns of
Virginia elected, by general suffrage, twenty-two burgesses, who,
assembling at Jamestown, constituted the first legislative body
convened in America. In the following year, a few hundred miles
north, the Plymouth Fathers gathered on the deck of the Mayflower,
and exercised a still more extended right of suffrage in the choice
of John Carver as the first Governor of the colony. These privileges
continued, with only a few changes in Virginia, until the American
revolution, excepting that eighteen years after the election of
Carver, in Massachusetts, their mass assemblies were deemed too
large, and a representative government was established. Although
democratic in principle, a few laws passed by the New England
colonists restricted the privilege of suffrage. No person who had not
become a freeman by taking the oath of allegiance was permitted to
vote. No man, according to a law of 1631, was admitted to the freedom
of the body politic who was not a member of some of the churches
within the limits of the same. No Quaker was permitted to become a
freeman. The two latter restrictions, however, were soon removed. The
power of the people was greatly increased through the results of the
revolution, yet in several of the original thirteen States the right
of suffrage was restricted to property-holders or rate-payers, and
otherwise limited for periods extending in some cases through one or
more decades of the present century. The tendency was constantly to
the wide limits of manhood suffrage, which was then prevailing rule,
but only as regards white citizens, until the fifteenth amendment
in March, 1870, extended the same right to colored citizens. The
present movement toward the extension of the right to women has
been successful in Wyoming Territory and to a certain extent in
Massachusetts, which permits women to vote for members of the Board
of Education. The agitation, also, of the educational qualification
of electors has resulted in late years in a slight limitation of the
right of suffrage in a few of the States, notably Massachusetts.


ELIZA COOK.

  OHIO.

  Please give a short sketch of Eliza Cook, the English poetess.

  MRS. RANKIN.

_Answer._—Eliza Cook, who is now residing in the village of Merton
in Surrey, England, was born in Southwark in 1817. In early life she
established a considerable reputation through the poems which she
contributed to several of the leading magazines of London. In 1840
these poems were collected and with others published in one volume,
since which time she has issued several editions of her lyrics that
are read with as much interest in our country as in England. In 1849
she published a magazine entitled _Eliza Cook’s Journal_, which
was quite successful for many years. Although the effects of age
are beginning to be noticeable, she still contributes to various
magazines.


A HISTORY OF OUR FLAG.

  MILTON, Ind.

  Please give a history of our National flag.

  HARRY WOODARD.

_Answer._—In June, 1777, a committee having been appointed by
Congress to confer with General Washington concerning a design for
a National flag, reported in favor of a flag containing thirteen
stripes, alternately red and white, and a blue field adorned with
thirteen white stars. This was adopted June 14, and the design was
carried to the upholstering shop of Mrs. Ross, No. 239 Arch street,
Philadelphia, where the first National flag was made. The original
design required six-pointed stars, but, upon Mrs. Ross’ suggestion
that five-pointed stars would be more symmetrical, the pattern was
changed. This lady was afterward given the position of manufacturer
of government flags, which occupation upon her death was retained
by her children. The stars and stripes were first unfurled at the
battle of Saratoga upon the occasion of the surrender of Burgoyne.
By an act of Congress, Jan. 13, 1794, the design was changed so as
to incorporate fifteen stripes and fifteen stars, and one star was
to be added for every subsequent State admitted. This, however,
was repealed in 1818, when the original number of stripes were
established, the stars continuing to increase as new States were
admitted. In designing a flag the field should be one-third the
length and cover the width of seven stripes. Of the colors, red
represents courage, white, integrity, and blue steadfastness, faith
and love.


INDIA, BROWN, AND YELLOW INKS.

  BLACKBERRY STATION, Ill.

  Please give a recipe for making India ink, also recipes for making
  yellow and brown inks.

  ELMER WEYANT.

_Answer._—Pure India ink, or sepia, is made only in China, but a good
imitation and common substitute is made as follows: Ivory black,
ground to an impalpable powder, is made into a paste with weak gum
arabic water, perfumed with a few drops of essence of musk and half
as much essence of ambergris. This is pressed into cakes, ready for
use. Brown ink may be made with a strong decoction of catechu. The
shade can be varied by cautiously adding a little weak solution
of bichromate of potash. A yellow ink may be made with a strong
decoction of yellow dyeing ingredient with alum and gum arabic.


ONE OF OUR NEW BRIGADIER GENERAL.

  CHICAGO.

  Please give a short sketch of General Mackenzie, lately appointed
  Brigadier General in the regular army.

  M. J. FOREMAN.

_Answer._—Ranal S. Mackenzie was born in New York in August, 1840.
Graduating from West Point in 1862, he was made Second Lieutenant
of Engineers. He immediately entered active service in the Ninth
Corps, and was wounded at the second battle of Bull Run. When Lee,
in 1863, advanced into Maryland, Mackenzie was very busily employed
in constructing bridges for the Union forces which followed in the
rear of the rebel army. He took part in the various battles of the
Army of the Potomac in Maryland and in West Virginia, and in May,
1864, had charge of a company before Richmond. He passed through the
battle of the Wilderness, and in June was wounded before Petersburg.
For his gallantry he was appointed Brigadier General of Volunteers.
Resuming the command of his company, he continued his efforts against
Petersburg. At the battle of Five Forks he commanded a division of
cavalry with so much skill that he was brevetted Major General. After
the close of the war he retained the command of a company in his old
corps. In March, 1867, he was promoted to the Colonelcy, and in 1870
he was transferred to the cavalry and sent to the Mexican frontier.
In quelling the depredations on the Texas border and in putting down
the Indian insurrections in New Mexico and Arizona he has since
displayed considerable military ability. Previous to his present
promotion he had charge of the army in New Mexico, Santa Fe being his
headquarters.


SOUND AND SENSE.

  WYOMING, Ill.

  Can sound be produced with no ear to hear?

  WILLIAM E. WHITE.

_Answer._—The word sound is used in different senses. In the sense
defined in the first definition given by Webster and Worcester, the
answer to your question is “no;” but in the sense of his second
definition, it is “yes.” This second definition, as given in the
last edition of his Unabridged Dictionary, is as follows: “Sound—The
occasion of sound: the impulse or vibration which would occasion
sound to a percipient if present with unimpaired organs.” This use
of the word is strikingly illustrated in the expression “inaudible
sounds,” i.e., such as can only be heard by the help of instruments.


GENERAL ROBERT E. LEE.

  MONTICELLO, Ill.

  Please give a biographical sketch of the late rebel General, Robert
  E. Lee.

  JACOB A. RHOADS.

_Answer._—The Commander-in-chief of the rebel forces was born at
Westmoreland, Va., Jan. 19, 1807. At the age of 18 he entered
West Point, from which he graduated, the second in his class, in
1829. Receiving an appointment of Second Lieutenant in the Corps
of Engineers, he spent his time at various places, engaged in the
government surveys, until the breaking out of the Mexican war. During
the greater portion of the war he served under General Scott, who
considered him a very capable officer. For his excellent services he
was brevetted major, then lieutenant colonel, and soon afterwards he
was made colonel. At Chapultepec, he was wounded, but not seriously
enough to prevent his entering the City of Mexico. After the war he
was engaged on the Atlantic coast until his appointment in 1852 to
the superintendency of the Military Academy. In 1855 he was made
Lieutenant Colonel of the Second Cavalry, and was transferred to the
Texas border. While on leave of absence in Washington in 1859, he was
placed in charge of the troops which quelled the raid at Harper’s
Ferry. In March, 1861, he was made colonel, but when he learned of
Virginia’s secession he resigned and accepted an appointment in the
insurrectionary forces of his native State. Repairing to Richmond he
was made commander-in-chief of the forces of Virginia, with the title
of Major General. Soon after, by an act of the Confederate Congress,
he was made third in rank of the entire rebel forces, Samuel Cooper
and A. S. Johnston being his superiors. Because of his inactivity
before Rosecrans he was transferred in December to North and South
Carolina, where he remained until March, 1862, when he returned to
accept the position of commander-in-chief of all the Confederate
forces. In June he defeated McClellan and began his northward march,
routing the forces of Pope and invading the State of Maryland. The
bloody battle of Antietam was claimed as a victory by both sides,
but Lee thought best immediately to retire into Virginia. Until his
next invasion and defeat at Gettysburg in July, 1863, he remained on
the defensive. His subsequent retreat, his generalship in the battle
of the Wilderness and other engagements following it disclosed great
tact and prudence. The ability which he displayed in the defense of
Richmond excites the admiration of every impartial reader of history,
and does great credit to his military genius. This genius was more
than matched at last by that of General Grant, sustained by the
greater resources of the North, and he was compelled to surrender his
sword at Appomattox Court House. Subsequently he became President of
Washington and Lee College, located at Lexington, Va., where he died
Oct. 12, 1870.


VARIATIONS OF THE COMPASS.

  KENSETT, Iowa.

  It is said that the companions of Christopher Columbus were greatly
  alarmed when the variations of the compass was first remarked.
  Please explain why the needle of a compass points north, and also
  give the amount of its variation for different places.

  C. E. LOCKE.

_Answer._—Why the magnetic needle points northward is not positively
determined. There are several theories but none of them explain
all the phenomena of the needle. That which perplexes scientists
most is that in every place the needle is subject to variations. By
observations at Paris it was found that in 1681 the magnetic needle
varied 2 deg. 30 min. to the west, in 1865 18 deg. 44 min. to the
west. At London between 1580 and 1692 the needle varied from 10 deg.
15 min. E. to 6 deg. W. In Dakota Territory the average variation is
12 deg. 30 min. east, in Minnesota 11 deg. east, while in Montana
it is 20 deg. east. S. V. Clevenger, United States Deputy Surveyor,
says in a work on government surveys: “The needle does not point due
north, except in a few localities, and at no place does it continue
to point with a given angular distance from the north, for any stated
length of time. It changes secularly, annually, diurnally, and
hourly, and is further subject to fluctuations reducible to no method
of tabulation. In the vicinity of iron in any shape, or magnetic
sands, the needle is deflected toward the material attracting it.
This perturbation is known as local attraction. The author has known
the needle to vary 5 deg. in a distance of one mile, and 1 deg. 30
min. during two hours when stationed at one place.” The variation in
the magnetic needle of Columbus’ compass was probably caused by some
local attraction of which he knew nothing.


DISCOURAGEMENTS TO ANTARCTIC EXPLORATIONS.

  PALESTINE, Ind.

  Why is the north pole the object of more research than the south
  pole?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Soon after the discovery of America European navigators
began to search the arctic zone for a passage to Asiatic countries
which would be less dangerous and circuitous than that usually
traveled. Although the object of polar expeditions has changed
somewhat, yet one of the reasons which actuated them influences the
explorers of the present time. The nearness of this pole has rendered
it of greater interest than its southern counterpart. Expeditions
are fitted out more easily for the shorter voyage. Relief can be
procured with less delay. Other reasons are that from the closer
neighborhood of the continents, and from the action of the Gulf
Stream on the one side and the Japan current on the other, and from
the fact that the earth is in perihelion during the winter season of
the Northern hemisphere, and in aphelion during the winter of the
Southern hemisphere, the Arctic Sea is more free from ice, which
in the Antarctic region is an impregnable barrier in the way of
discovery.


WAGES IN ENGLAND AND AMERICA.

  OSKALOOSA, Iowa.

  Give a comparison of the wages of the United States with those of
  England.

  O. P. L.

_Answer._—The following is a comparison of the wages paid per week in
Chicago and Great Britain to various artisans:

                               Chicago.        Great Britain.

  Bakers                   $8.00 to $12.00     $6.50 to $6.60
  Blacksmiths               9.00 to  12.00      7.04 to  8.12
  Bookbinders               9.00 to  20.00      6.50 to  7.83
  Bricklayers               6.00 to  10.50      7.58 to  9.63
  Cabinetmakers             7.00 to  15.00      7.70 to  8.48
  Carpenters                7.50 to  12.00      7.33 to  8.25
  Farm laborers                                 3.40 to  4.25
  Laborers, porters, etc    5.50 to   9.00      4.50 to  5.00
  Painters                  6.00 to  12.00      7.25 to  8.16
  Plasterers                9.00 to  15.00      7.68 to 10.13
  Plumbers                 12.00 to  20.00      7.13 to  8.46
  Printers                 12.00 to  18.00      7.52 to  7.75
  Shoemakers                9.00 to  18.00               7.35
  Tailors                   6.00 to  18.00      5.00 to  7.30
  Tinsmiths                 9.00 to  12.00      6.00 to  7.30


THE BANKERS’ CLEARING HOUSE, LONDON.

  DAVENPORT, Iowa.

  Tell us something of the purpose of the great Clearing House of
  London, and the amount of business done through it.

  J. BROWN.

_Answer._—The Bankers’ Clearing House, London, is the medium through
which bankers collect the checks and bills in their hands against
other banks. Instead of presenting these checks and bills at each
bank to which they are addressed, and receiving cash and notes in
payment, clearing bankers settle the whole amount delivered during
the day at this establishment in Postoffice Court, Lombard street, by
receiving or paying the difference in the totals for or against them
by a single check on the Bank of England. Every bank in London and
the country is represented by clearing bankers, and as their agents
send through the Clearing House all drafts payable in the city and in
the country, the amount passing through this establishment every year
is enormous. The total amount for the year ending April 30, 1882, was
£6,382,654,000, or nearly $32,000,000,000. The total clearings of the
Bankers’ Clearing House, Chicago, in the year ending Dec. 31, 1882,
amounted to $2,366,526,185. This represented only the transactions of
banks doing business in Chicago. It is estimated that the new rule
as to settlement applied during the past year has reduced the total
clearings nearly 25 per cent below what they would have been under
the old rule. London is the center of exchange for the world, and the
volume of its bank clearings must necessarily be enormously greater
than that of any other city. The totals of bills, checks, and drafts
passed through the London Clearing House, between 1869 and 1881
inclusive, foot up £68,010,643,000, or over three hundred and forty
billion dollars. The rise and fall in trade not only in England, but
in large degree the world over is mirrored in the annual records of
these clearings for the period mentioned. Whereas in 1869 the total
clearings were but 3,626,396,000 pounds sterling, they increased
each year until 1873, when they amounted to £6,070,948,000. Then,
in consequence of the widespread commercial depression the total
trade transactions fell off, and the London bank clearings fell to
£5,936,772,000 in 1874, £5,685,793,000 in 1875, and £4,963,480,000
in 1876, the lowest point touched. Not until 1880 did the clearings
rise to nearly six billions again. In 1881, for the first time, did
they reach and pass the total in 1873, indicating general business
prosperity throughout the world.


CHICAGO AND MILWAUKEE COMPARED.

  SHOSHONE AGENCY, W. T.

  How does Milwaukee compare with Chicago in the amount of grain
  handled in one year?

  WM. H. ROME.

_Answer._—The following are the statistics of receipts and shipments
at Milwaukee for 1882:

              Receipts, bu. |            Shipments, bu.
                            |
  Wheat           7,816,471 | Wheat           1,788,479
  Oats            2,581,808 | Oats            1,600,916
  Barley          4,653,192 | Barley          2,927,273
  Rye               491,006 | Rye               440,369
  Corn            2,037,680 | Corn            1,454,144
  Flour (brls)    3,340,854 | Flour, (brls)   4,248,050
                 —————————— |                ——————————
    Total in bu  32,613,994 |   Total in bu  27,327,405

The statistics of Chicago during the same period are:

              Receipts, bu. |            Shipments, bu.
                            |
  Wheat          22,326,680 | Wheat          19,905,319
  Oats           26,975,137 | Oats           23,975,177
  Barley          2,066,636 | Barley          4,130,069
  Rye             2,052,214 | Rye             1,928,874
  Corn           49,224,522 | Corn           49,264,167
  Flour (brls)    4,378,864 | Flour (brls)    3,995,532
                 —————————— |                ——————————
   Total in bu  122,350,074 |  Total in bu  117,182,590


AMERICAN AND ENGLISH SHIP-BUILDING.

  VAN WERT, Ohio.

  How does American ship-building compare with the ship-building of
  Great Britain?

  J. W. NICODEMUS.

_Answer._—During the year 1880 there were constructed in the United
States for ocean traffic 412 sailing vessels, having a tonnage
of 53,610, and 166 steam vessels, having a tonnage of 40,617. In
addition to this, for the service of the lakes and rivers, were
constructed forty-eight sailing vessels, with a tonnage of 5,447 and
182 steamers, with a tonnage of 38,237. In the same period Great
Britain constructed 353 sailing vessels, with a tonnage of 57,534,
and 474 steamers, with a tonnage of 346,361. The total number of
American vessels plying the ocean was, at that time, 17,932, with a
tonnage of 2,803,923, while Great Britain boasted of 25,185 vessels
and a tonnage of 6,574,513. Including the shipping upon the inland
lakes and rivers, the total shipping of the United States was 21,547
vessels, having a tonnage of 3,577,816. The reason for this enormous
difference between the two countries is due partly to the greater
cost of labor and material in the United States; partly to many more
ways of employing capital profitably in the United States than
there are in other countries; partly to the subsidies paid by the
British Government to encourage the establishment and maintenance of
British ocean lines of transportation; partly to the vastness of the
British Empire and the exemption of British vessels and British goods
carried in their vessels from heavy port dues and duties in trading
to British ports; and partly from the American law forbidding the
granting of the American flag to vessels built in other countries,
even when owned by American citizens, and forbidding the restoration
of our flag to American-built vessels after they have once gone under
other colors, whatever the cause. American-built vessels compare in
all other respects, except cost, favorably with the same classes of
British vessels, and in many particulars American builders have done
much to improve all classes of sea-going craft.


CELEBRATED PAINTINGS.

  RAVANNA, Mo.

  What and where are some of the most celebrated paintings?

  A READER.

_Answer._—By general agreement among art critics, Michael Angelo and
Raphael stand at the head of the line of master painters. Conspicuous
among the great paintings of the former are “The Last Judgment,” “The
Conversion of St. Paul,” and “The Crucifixion of St. Peter;” and
among those of the latter, “The Dispute Concerning the Sacrament,”
the “Madonna di Foligno,” and the “Madonna del Pesce, or Virgin of
the Fish.” The “Last Judgment” is a large fresco painting, sixty
feet high by thirty feet wide, occupying the wall opposite the
entrance of the Sistine Chapel, in the Vatican Palace at Rome. Over
300 figures are represented in “the most violent attitudes and most
admired disorder.” “The Conversion of St. Paul” is another large
fresco painting in the Vatican. “The Crucifixion of Peter,” also
in the Vatican, is one of the last from the hands of Angelo. “The
Dispute Concerning the Sacrament” is a fresco representing, above,
a convocation of the saints around the Almighty, the Savior, and
the Virgin, enveloped in heavenly glory, while beneath the ceremony
of the consecration of the sacrament is depicted. This is found in
the Camera della Segnatura of the Vatican, Rome. “The Madonna di
Foligno,” in the Vatican gallery, derives its name from the city
of Foligno, which is represented in the back-ground. The “Madonna
del Pesce,” now in the gallery at Madrid, Spain, represents the
Virgin and Child enthroned, with St. Jerome on one side and on the
other an archangel with the young Tobit, who carries a fish, from
which circumstance the name is derived. “The Madonna di San Sisto”
is considered by many critics the best of Raphael’s works. It is
located in the gallery of Dresden, Germany, and represents the
Madonna standing upon the clouds surrounded with glory, holding in
her arms the eternal Son. Saint Sixtus and Saint Barbara kneel at the
sides. It was originally painted on wood, but has been transferred
to canvas. The painting of “The Last Supper,” by Leonardo da Vinci,
is recognized as one of the masterpieces. It was originally painted
by order of the Duke of Milan on the walls of the refectory in the
Dominican Convent of the Madonna delle Grazie. The picture is now in
a state of decay, but several very fine copies have been made; one
of them, at the Royal Academy, London, is considered almost, if not
quite, as good as the original. Rubens’ paintings of the “Descent
from the Cross” and “Elevation of the Cross,” at Antwerp, rank high
as masterpieces. The “Adoration of the Trinity,” by Albert Durer, at
Vienna, and his two pictures containing life-size figures of Peter
and John, Mark and Paul, presented to the Council of Nuremberg,
Germany, are also very famous. All of the above and many others, the
productions of painters barely less noted, are classed as works of
the great masters; and artists and amateurs are constantly going on
pilgrimages to the temples and art galleries which are so favored as
to enshrine them.


THE SCOTTISH POET, WM. KNOX.

  HALSTEAD, Kan.

  Please give a short biographical sketch of William Knox.

  LINNIE REED.

_Answer._—William Knox, a Scottish poet, familiar to the readers of
“Scott’s Diary,” was born at Roxburgh in 1789. Very little has been
recorded concerning his life, which terminated at the comparatively
early age of 36. He was very industrious, and in addition to his
published volumes contributed to the _Literary Gazette_ and to
various other magazines. In 1818 he published a collection of poems
under the title of “The Lonely Heath,” and in the succeeding year
wrote “Mariomne,” “A Visit to Dublin,” “Songs of Israel,” and “The
Harp of Zion.”


THE PLANETS IN FEBRUARY.

  WYANETT, Ill.

  In or near what constellations are the planets at present?

  C. A. H.

_Answer._—During the month of February, 1883, Mercury will be a
morning star after the 10th, and will be found in Capricornus until
near the end of the month, when it will enter Aquarius. Venus will
also be a morning star while in Sagittarius. Mars can be observed
near the sun in Capricornus; Jupiter nearly stationary between Taurus
and Gemini, and Saturn nearly stationary between Aries and Taurus.


JOHN PHŒNIX.

  ABINGDON, Ill.

  Will you please give a short sketch of “John Phœnix,” the humorous
  California writer of twenty years ago.

  C. SNYDER.

_Answer._—This noted humorist was an officer in the regular army.
His real name was George Henry Derby. He was born in Massachusetts;
was appointed to the military academy from that State, and graduated
a second lieutenant of ordnance in 1846; same year was transferred
to the Topographical Engineer Corps, a branch of the army since
abolished. Lieutenant Derby was brevetted for gallantry at Cerro
Gordo, Mexico, being wounded in the action. He was the author, over
the nom de plume of John Phœnix, of “Phœnixiana” (’56), and the
“Squibob Papers.” Many of his most popular productions were written
while he was on the staff of the commanding general of the Military
Department of the Pacific, engaged on the improvement of the harbor
of San Diego, Cal., which accounts for his being referred to as a
Californian writer. Captain Derby died May 15, 1861, in New York
City, aged only 38.


ORIGIN OF THE WHIG PARTY.

  DURAND, Ill.

  Why is J. Quincy Adams classed with the Whig Presidents when the
  Whig party was not organized until 1836.

  E. S. CAPRON.

_Answer._—The National Republicans, to whom J. Quincy Adams belonged,
dropped that name and took the name of Whigs in 1832. Adams, who
was one of the Whig leaders from the first, is usually classed as
the first of the Whig Presidents, because the National policy he
represented and maintained when President was substantially the
policy advocated by the Whigs of 1832. In 1834 there was a State
convention held in New York City, which gave organized form to the
Whig party in that State, and this organization became National in
1836, when Wm. H. Harrison was first nominated by the Whigs for the
Presidency. A still higher degree of organization was effected at
the first delegate National convention of the Whig party, held in
Harrisburg, Pa., Dec. 4, 1839, when Harrison was nominated for the
great campaign of 1840, in which he was elected.


EARLY AMERICAN COINAGE.

  DES MOINES, Iowa.

  Name the earliest American coins.

  E. WILSON.

_Answer._—The earliest coinage that can be called American, in
the sense of Anglo-American, was ordered by the original Virginia
Company, only five years after the founding of Jamestown. The coin
were minted at Somers Islands, now known as the Bermudas. For a long
while the standard currency of Virginia was tobacco, as in many of
the early settlements of the Northwest it was beaver skins, and other
pelts reckoned as worth such a fraction of a beaver skin or so many
beaver skins. The accounts of the fur traders and pioneers in their
dealings with the Indians were kept in beaver skins instead of coin
until some years after the opening of this century, and in some
parts of the Dominion of Canada they are still kept so. In 1645 the
Assembly of the Virginia Colony, after a preamble reciting that, “It
had maturely weighed and considered how advantageous a quoine would
be to this colony, and the great wants and miseries which do daily
happen unto it by the sole dependency upon tobacco,” provided for the
issue of copper coins of the denominations of twopence, threepence,
sixpence, and ninepence; but this law was never carried into effect,
so the first colonial coinage of this country was that struck off by
Massachusetts under the order of the General Court of that colony,
passed May 27, 1652, creating a “mint howse” at Boston, and providing
for the mintage of “12 pence, 6 pence, and 3 pence pieces, which
shall be for forme flatt, and stamped on the one side with N. E., and
on the other side with XIId., VId., and IIId., according to the value
of each peece.” In 1662, from this same mint appeared the famous
“pine tree shillings,” which were two-penny pieces. This mint was
maintained for thirty-four years. In the reign of William and Mary
copper coins were struck in England for New England and Carolina.
Lord Baltimore had silver shillings, sixpences, and fourpences
made in England to supply the demands of his province of Maryland.
Vermont and Connecticut established mints in 1785 for the issue of
copper coin. New Jersey followed a year later. But Congress had the
establishment of a mint for the confederated States under advisement,
and in this same year agreed upon a plan submitted by Thomas
Jefferson, and the act went into operation on a small scale in 1787.
After the adoption of the Constitution of the United States in 1789
all the State mints were closed, as the Constitution specifically
places the sole power of coining money in the Federal Government.


DIFFERENCE OF TIME.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the difference of time between Chicago and the principal
  cities of the world?

  E. A. JORDAN.

_Answer._—The difference in time between Chicago and Washington is
42 minutes. Keeping this in mind, the reader can easily determine
the difference of time between Chicago and other cities named in
the following table, which shows the difference of time between
Washington City and some of the chief cities of the globe, as
calculated at the United States Naval Observatory, Washington:


_Time Table._

At 12 o’clock noon, Saturday, at Washington it is—

  12:12 p. m. Saturday at New York, U. S.
  12:24 p. m. Saturday at Boston, U. S.
  4:31 p. m. Saturday at Lisbon, Portugal
  4:55 p. m. Saturday at Edinburgh, Scotland.
  5:07 p. m. Saturday at London, England.
  5:17 p. m. Saturday at Paris, France.
  5:58 p. m. Saturday at Rome, Italy.
  6:02 p. m. Saturday at Berlin, Prussia.
  6:14 p. m. Saturday at Vienna, Austria.
  6:22 p. m. Saturday at Cape Town, Africa.
  7:04 p. m. Saturday at Constantinople.
  11:01 p. m. Saturday at Calcutta, India.
  12:54 a. m. Sunday at Pekin, China.
  2:48 a. m. Sunday at Melbourne, Australia.
  4:51 a. m. Sunday at Auckland, New Zealand.
  8:58 a. m. Saturday at San Francisco, U. S.
  9:40 a. m. Saturday at Salt Lake, U. S.
  11:08 a. m. Saturday at New Orleans, U. S.
  11:18 a. m. Saturday at Chicago, U. S.
  12 noon Saturday at Lima, Peru.


VALUE OF RARE AMERICAN COINS.

  DES MOINES, Iowa.

  Is it true that coin collectors sometimes pay as high as $12 for a
  single American silver dollar? If so, why?

  E. WILSON.

_Answer._—It is true that United States silver dollars of certain
issues command very high premiums. The silver dollar of 1794, on
which the image of Liberty has flowing hair, is quoted at $12.50;
the “flying eagle dollars” of 1838 and 1839 are quoted at $15 each;
so are the dollars of 1851 and 1852 with “Liberty seated;” so is
that of 1858, with the same figure; while the excessively rare silver
dollars of 1804 are quoted at $200 each. The half-dollar of 1796,
with a filleted head and fifteen stars, commands $15; and that of
the next year, with sixteen stars, commands $16. The value depends
entirely on the rarity of these coins, since while the dollar of
1804 is quoted at $200, the “spread-eagle dollar” of 1803 is worth
but $1.25. The fifteen and sixteen-star dollars belong to the period
when it was the law that an additional stripe should be added to
the United States flag whenever a new State was admitted. In the
mintage they undertook to add a star for each State, but the flag was
restored to the established rule of thirteen stripes, and the Goddess
of Liberty on the dollars was relieved of the burden of carrying a
star for each new State.


THE VISIBLE ZONES OF THE SUN.

  BUSHNELL, Ill.

  Which zone of the sun is presented to our view, the polar or
  equatorial?

  G. W. PORTER.

_Answer._—The sun’s equator is almost coincident with the plane of
the ecliptic, the inclination being only about seven degrees, in
consequence of which the equatorial zone of the sun is continually
presented to the view of terrestrial observers, and they may see
every part of the sun’s surface in the course of each year.


BUTTERINE.

  GIRARD, Ill.

  What are the ingredients used in the manufacture of butterine?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—This substitute for butter is made from tallow or lard, as
the chief component, with cocoanut, olive, and palm oils to give it
the necessary flavor and consistency; salt and a little annatto for
coloring. If this recipe were always followed and the compound called
by its right name it would not be objectionable; but manufacturers
do not hesitate to add other ingredients that are unwholesome and
injurious, and palm the stuff off for butter.


FINENESS OF UNITED STATES COIN.

  MOUNMOUTH, Ill.

  What are the proportions of pure metal in the coins of the United
  States?

  READER.

_Answer._—The gold coins are nine-tenths fine; the silver coins,
nine-tenths fine; the copper-nickel coins, such as the 5-cent piece
and 3-cent piece, are one-fourth nickel and three-fourths copper; the
bronze coins are 95 per cent copper and 5 per cent tin and zinc. The
alloy in the gold coins is silver and copper; in the silver coins,
copper.


NATIONAL DESCENT OF THE PRESIDENTS.

  HARTLEY, Iowa.

  Please give the parentage of each of the Presidents of the United
  States.

  W. WILLIAMS.

_Answer._—The parents of Washington and Adams were of English
origin; those of Jefferson, Welsh; those of Madison, Monroe, and J.
Q. Adams, English; those of Jackson, Scotch-Irish; of Van Buren,
Dutch; of Harrison and Tyler, English; of Polk, Scotch-Irish; of
Taylor, Fillmore, and Pierce, English; of Buchanan, Irish; of
Lincoln, English; of Johnson, probably English; of Grant, English;
of Hayes, Scotch; of Garfield, English, though his mother was of
Huguenot descent; of Arthur, Irish. It seems hardly worth while to
give the names of parents on both sides, as few of our readers care
particularly for the names of grandfathers and grandmothers of great
men unless such ancestors were something more than ordinary.


THE ORDER OF DUMAS’ WORKS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  It is said that the novels written by Alexander Dumas should be
  read in a particular order, each one being a continuation, as it
  were, or in some respects a sequel, to those preceding it. Is this
  so, and if so, in what order should they be read?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—Each of the following works is in one sense complete in
itself, yet they also constitute several series, so related that
the reader better take them up in the following order: The “Three
Guardsmen” series—“The Three Guardsmen,” “Twenty Years After,”
“Bragelone,” “The Iron Mask,” “Louise Lavaliere;” the “Memoirs of
a Physician” series—“The Memoirs of a Physician,” “The Queen’s
Necklace,” “Six Years Later, or The Taking of the Bastile,” “The
Countess De Charnay,” “Andre de Travernay,” “The Chevalier.”


BUCHANAN’S CABINET.

  CHEROKEE, Kan.

  Who were Buchanan’s Cabinet officers?

  WILLIS SWANK.

_Answer._—The Secretaries of State during the administration of James
Buchanan were Lewis Cass and Jeremiah S. Black; Secretaries of the
Treasury, Howell Cobb, Philip F. Thomas, and John A. Dix; Secretaries
of War, John B. Floyd and Joseph Holt; Secretary of the Navy, Isaac
Toucey; Secretary of the Interior, Jacob Thompson: Postmasters
General, Aaron V. Brown, Joseph Holt, and Horatio King; Attorneys
General, Jeremiah S. Black and Edwin M. Stanton.


GOVERNOR COLES, OF ILLINOIS.

  ASKFORT, N. Y.

  Please give a brief sketch of Colonel Coles.

  MYRON HURLBUT.

_Answer._—Edward Coles, an early Governor of Illinois, was born in
Albemarle County, Va., the home of Jefferson, in December, 1786.
He in his youth became prominent in our country’s politics, and in
1810 was appointed private secretary of President Madison. He served
as Minister to Russia in 1817, and, returning the following year,
liberated his slaves. From 1823 to 1826 he was Governor of Illinois,
which position he filled with considerable executive ability. His
death occurred in Philadelphia, July 7, 1868.


WHY WATER FREEZES SOFT.

  SHANK, D. T.

  What is the reason hard water becomes soft by freezing?

  MARTIN SHANK.

_Answer._—By freezing the mineral substances are precipitated and the
water becomes soft, in the same manner as by boiling. For like reason
filthy water will produce comparatively clear ice.


HIGHEST RANK IN U. S. ARMY.

  PLATTVILLE, Ill.

  What is the order of rank of generals in the United States Army?
  What changes have been made in the rank of the highest army
  officers since the war of the Revolution?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The highest army officer in the active service of the
United States is General; the next inferior, Lieutenant General;
then Major General, and finally Brigadier General. Until George
Washington was made Lieutenant General, in July, 1798, the highest
office was Major General. After his death, in 1797, the title of the
chief army officer continued to be Major General until 1864, when
Grant was appointed Lieutenant General. In July, 1866, the office of
General was created.


THE FATAL HOMERIAN RIDDLE.

  OAKLAND, Cal.

  What was the answer Homer gave to the fisherman who gave him a
  riddle to solve?

  JENNIE SMEDLEY.

_Answer._—The story is that one day Homer, meeting a number of
fishermen, asked them: “Fishermen, sprung of Arcadia, have we aught?”
And they answered: “What we caught we left behind. What we caught
not we bear with us.” Homer could not explain it. He then remembered
that the oracle had said “beware of riddles.” In despair he wrote his
own epitaph and died within three days. This story comes from a lost
work of Aristotle, so it is said, but it is decidedly fishy, and is
classed with the numerous other fictions regarding the blind poet.


TABLE FOR MEASURING AN ACRE.

  WILTON, Iowa.

  Please give an easy rule for measuring an acre when the length of
  one side is known.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—To measure an acre in rectangular form is a simple question
in arithmetic. One has only to divide the total number of square
yards in an acre, 4,840, by the number of yards in the known side or
breadth to find the unknown side in yards. By this process it appears
that a rectangular strip of ground—

   5 yards wide by 968 yards long is 1 acre.
  10 yards wide by 484 yards long is 1 acre.
  20 yards wide by 242 yards long is 1 acre.
  40 yards wide by 121 yards long is 1 acre.
  80 yards wide by 60½ yards long is 1 acre.
  70 yards wide by 69½ yards long is 1 acre.
  60 yards wide by 80⅜ yards long is 1 acre.


NUMBER OF EURO-AMERICAN CABLES.

  FAIRMOUNT, Ind.

  How many submarine cables connect Europe with America?

  MILTON C. COX.

_Answer._—There are three Anglo-American cables, with an aggregate
length of 6,450 miles; also, the old French cable, which is 3,329
miles long; the direct United States cable from Ireland, 2,360
miles; the new French cables, 3,461 miles, and the Brazilian cable,
extending from Portugal to Brazil.


DISCOVERY OF ELECTRIC LIGHT.

  STEWARTSVILLE, Mo.

  Who first produced electric light?

  J. C. ADAMS.

_Answer._—It is uncertain when electric light was first produced by
artificial agencies. The first successful display occurred in 1810,
when Sir Humphrey Davy with a battery of 2,000 elements entertained
the Royal Institution by producing an electric light with an arc
three inches long between carbon points.


ALTITUDES OF WESTERN CITIES.

  EVERGREEN, Neb.

  What are the altitudes of Buffalo, Chicago, Des Moines, St. Paul,
  Yankton, Omaha, and Fort Kearney?

  MANY WESTERN READERS.

_Answer._—The city of Buffalo, N. Y., is elevated above the sea
level about 580 feet; Chicago about 690 feet. The average altitude
of the State of Iowa is about 1,000 feet, varying from 445 feet at
the mouth of the Des Moines River to 1,650 feet at Spirit Lake. The
average elevation of Minnesota is about 1,000 feet. The eastern part
of Dakota is 1,000 feet above the sea level, the central and northern
parts are about 2,500 feet, while in the Black Hills the mountains
reach the height of 7,000 feet. Omaha is 1,046 feet above the sea
level, and Fort Kearney 1,247 feet.


DESCENDANTS OF POCAHONTAS.

  SILOAM, Ark.

  Name some of the descendants of Pocahontas.

  A READER.

_Answer._—Among them are the Randolphs and Bollands, of Virginia;
John Randolph, of Roanoke, the associate of Thomas Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, John Adams, and other fathers of the Republic was
the most distinguished of these.


366 REVOLUTIONS IN A YEAR.

  LAKEVILLE, Ind.

  How many rotations does the earth make in a year?

  C. A. B.

_Answer._—The earth makes 366 rotations in the 365 days composing
the year. This is a necessary condition of its making one complete
revolution around the sun in a year.


WHEN THE FOUR GOSPELS WERE WRITTEN.

  EXIRA, Iowa.

  When were the four gospels written?

  J. A. HALLOCK.

_Answer._—The time when each of the gospels was written is not
positively known. Matthew and Luke are generally conceded to have
been written between A. D. 58 and A. D. 60. Mark was written after
A. D. 62. It is thought that John was written about A. D. 78; but
Biblical critics are not agreed on these matters.


A RAILROAD COMPROMISE.

  LOCKPORT, N.Y.

  Is it true, as reported, that the Northern Pacific Railroad has
  secured control of the St. Paul, Minneapolis and Manitoba Railroad
  by the purchase of the latter’s stock?

  W. T. RANSOM.

_Answer._—No. The two roads recently came to an agreement not to
encroach on what they are pleased to call each other’s territory.
They also purchased of each other such branch lines as they had
begun which seemed to be at variance with this understanding as to
territory.


ORIGIN OF THE TEMPERANCE MOVEMENT.

  MARION, Ind.

  Please give a brief history of the temperance movements in this
  country.

  SAMUEL C. ZOMBRO.

_Answer._—The total abstinence societies of to-day are the outgrowth
of the old temperate or moderate drinking societies of England and
America. About 400 years ago an association was formed, the members
of which pledged themselves not to drink more than a specified
quantity of alcoholic liquors each day. A society somewhat similar
was inaugurated in Germany in 1600 called “The Order of Temperance,”
whose members were pledged never to become intoxicated and to that
end never to imbibe more than fourteen cups of wine per day. In
America, also, there were moderate drinkers’ organizations. In 1820 a
society was formed in New Jersey, the members of which agreed never
to drink more than one-half pint of rum or whisky per day. The first
total abstinence movement of any importance in this country began
in Saratoga County, New York, prompted by the Temperance Society of
Moreau and Northumberland.

Forty-three persons signed an agreement not to drink “rum, gin,
whisky, wine, or any distilled spirits or compositions of the same,
or any of them, except by the advice of a physician, or in case of
actual disease, also excepting wine at public dinners, under penalty
of 25 cents.” In 1813, The Massachusetts Society for the Suppression
of Intemperance was formed, but owing to the laxity of its rules it
was not very efficient. The American Society for the Promotion of
Temperance was inaugurated in Boston in February, 1826, and rapidly
grew into an extensive organization, having increased in three years
to 11 State associations and 1,000 local societies. About this
time the name tee-total came into use, having originated from the
vain attempt of a stuttering reformed Englishman to pronounce the
word “total.” In 1840 the Washingtonian Society was formed by six
drunkards in the city of Baltimore, who resolved to avoid their cups
and reform their associates. In five years its pledge had been signed
by 650,000 persons, most of whom had been tipplers or downright
drunkards. Other societies were soon formed; the Sons of Temperance
in New York, in 1842; the Order of Templars of Honor and Temperance
in 1845; and the Good Templars in 1851. Since the war many local
societies have been formed, and the Murphy movement has extended all
over the country.


NEW YORK ELEVATED RAILWAYS.

  TAOPI, Minn.

  Please give a short description of the New York elevated railroads.

  M. H. MILLER.

_Answer._—The demand of the people living in the outskirts of
New York City for more rapid transit than that furnished by the
horse cars began to be answered in 1868, when an elevated railway
extending a half-mile was constructed on Greenwich street as an
experiment. Three years later the West Side Elevated Railroad Company
obtained a charter, but before much could be accomplished it sold
its rights to the New York Elevated Railroad Company, in 1872. The
new organization proceeded rapidly to erect its roads, extending
from the heart of the city to the suburbs. In December, 1879, its
rolling stock consisted of 131 locomotives, 292 passenger cars,
and 8 service cars. The road was leased to the Manhattan Railway
Company in May, 1879. The Metropolitan Elevated Railroad was first
called the Gilbert Elevated Railroad, in honor of its projector, Dr.
Rufus H. Gilbert. Although the company obtained its charter in 1872,
work was not commenced until March, 1876. In two years it expended
$10.-300,000 in constructing its lines. In 1879 the road with its
rolling stock, consisting of fifty-six locomotives, 180 passenger
cars, and two freight cars, was leased to the Manhattan Elevated
Railroad Company, which now has a complete monopoly of the elevated
railroads of New York. The tracks of the Metropolitan are supported
on two rows of columns connected with each other at the top by strong
lattice-girders. The rails weigh fifty-six pounds per yard, and rest
upon yellow-pine cross-ties, 6 x 7 inches by 8⅜ feet long, separated
two feet apart. The engines weigh fifteen tons, and are capable of
a speed of forty miles an hour. The stations are about one-half
mile apart. The New York Elevated Railroad consists of a single row
of columns, supporting a lighter tramway than the Metropolitan.
Although at first this system of railways met with considerable
opposition, the people of New York now recognize that its convenience
far outbalances its unsightliness, noise, and other disagreeable
concomitants.


PAUL PRY.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Who was the author of Paul Pry and who was the original of the
  character?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—The author was John Poole, an English dramatist, born in
1785. He was remarkably successful in the production of light drama,
including some roaring farces, of which the most conspicuous was
“Paul Pry;” “Hamlet Travestie,” with burlesque annotations; “Deaf as
a Post;” “Turning the Tables,” and “The Wife’s Stratagem,” adapted
from Shirley. It was long believed that Thomas Hill, the eccentric
editor of the _Dramatic Mirror_, was the original of Poole’s Paul
Pry, but Poole himself contradicts this notion in a biographical
sketch of himself that appeared a few years before his death, which
occurred in London, Feb. 5, 1872. In this sketch he says: “The
character of Paul Pry was suggested by the following anecdote,
related to me several years ago by a beloved friend: An idle old
lady, living in a narrow street, had passed so much of her time in
watching the affairs of her neighbors that she at length knew the
sound of each particular knocker within hearing, and could tell to
which house it belonged. It happened that she fell ill, and was
for several days confined to her bed. Unable to observe in person
what was going on outside, she stationed her maid at the window as
her substitute for the performance of that task. But Betty soon
grew weary of the occupation; she became careless in her reports,
impatient and tetchy when reprimanded for her negligence. ‘Betty,
what are you thinking about? Don’t you hear a double knock at No.
9? Who is it?’ ‘The first floor lodger, ma’am.’ ‘Betty! Betty! I
declare I must give you warning. Why don’t you tell me what that
knock is at No. 24?’ ‘Why, Lord, ma’am, it is only the baker with
pies.’ ‘_Pies!_ Betty? What _can_ they want with pies at No. 24? They
had pies yesterday!’ Of this very point I have availed myself. Let
me add that Paul Pry was never intended as the representative of any
one individual, but of a class. Like the melancholy of Jacques, he
‘is compounded of many samples,’ and I could mention five or six who
were unconscious contributors to the character. That it should have
been so often, though erroneously, supposed to have been drawn after
some particular person is perhaps complimentary to the general truth
of the delineation. With respect to the play generally, I may say
that it is original; it is original in structure, plot, character,
and dialogue—such as they are. The only imitation I am aware of is
to be found in part of the business in which Mrs. Subtle is engaged;
while writing those scenes I had strongly in my recollection Collin
d’Harleville’s ‘Vieux Celibataire.’ But even the little I have
adopted is considerably altered and modified by the necessity of
adapting it to the exigencies of a different plot.”


THE VOTE LAST NOVEMBER.

  BELOIT, Wis.

  What was the number of votes cast for the different parties in each
  of the States in the November election?

  W. W. LLOYD.

_Answer._—The following table, though liable to a few changes, is
substantially correct:

  ————————————————+——————————+——————————+—————————+——————————
                  |   Rep.   |   Dem.   |   Gbk.  |  Scat’g.
  ————————————————+——————————+——————————+—————————+——————————
  California      |   67,173 |   90,695 |         |
  Colorado        |   27,552 |   29,897 |         |
  Connecticut     |   54,853 |   59,014 |     697 |  [1]1,034
  Delaware        |   10,098 |   12,053 |         |
  Florida         |   20,139 |   24,067 |         |  [5]3,553
  Illinois        |  254,551 |  249,067 |  15,520 | [1]16,344
  Indiana         |  210,234 |  220,918 |  13,520 |
  Iowa            |  149,051 |  112,180 |  30,817 |
  Kansas          |   75,158 |   83,237 |  20,933 |
  Louisiana       |   33,953 |   49,892 |         |
  Maryland        |   74,515 |   80,725 |   1,833 |
  Massachusetts   |  119,997 |  133,946 |         |  [1]2,137
  Michigan        |  149,697 |  154,259 |   5,854 |  [1]1,114
  Minnesota       |   92,802 |   46,653 |   3,781 |  [1]1,545
  Mississippi     |   20,553 |   48,159 |         |  [5]9,729
  Missouri        |  128,239 |  198,620 |  33,407 |
  Nebraska        |   43,495 |   28,562 |  16,991 |
  Nevada          |    6,462 |    7,720 |         |
  New Hampshire   |   41,111 |   36,091 |         |
  New Jersey      |   97,869 |   99,962 |   6,063 |    [1]943
  New York        |  342,464 |  535,318 |  11,974 | [1]25,783
  North Carolina  |          |  111,763 |         |[2]111,320
  Pennsylvania    |  315,589 |  355,791 |  23,996 |[3]43,743
  South Carolina  |          |   67,158 |  17,719 |
  Tennessee       |   91,693 |  119,297 |   9,538 | [4]4,632
  Texas           |   27,625 |  164,087 |  41,126 |[5]12,160
  Virginia        |    4,342 |   94,184 |         |[6]99,992
  Wisconsin       |   94,606 |  103,630 |   2,496 |[1]13,800
                  +——————————+——————————+—————————+——————————
      Total       |2,553,821 |3,315,955 | 256,265 |
  ————————————————+——————————+——————————+—————————+——————————


To obtain a correct estimate of the Prohibition vote there should be
added to the above amounts the Republican vote of Kansas, 4,398 votes
cast in favor of a prohibition amendment in North Carolina, and 5,196
votes for prohibition candidates in Pennsylvania, which would swell
the number to 141,328.


NATIVITIES OF CHICAGOANS AND NEW YORKERS.

  ROCKFORD, Ill.

  Which has the larger ratio of foreign population, Chicago or New
  York, and of what elements is the foreign population of these
  cities composed?

  AN OLD SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The foreign population of New York City, according to the
last census, constituted a little over 38 per cent of the whole;
the foreign population of Chicago was 40 per cent of the whole. Of
the foreign population of New York 198,595 were natives of Ireland,
153,482 of Germany, 23,767 of England, 8,683 of Scotland, and 929 of
Wales, 12,223 of Italy, 9,910 of France, 9,020 of Poland. 8,093 of
Bohemia, 7,024 of British America, 4,743 of Austria, 4,551 of Russia,
4,545 of Switzerland, 4,101 of Hungary, 3,194 of Sweden, 1,860 of
Holland, 1,644 of Cuba, 87 of Africa, 119 of Asia, 175 of Australia,
556 of Belgium, 747 of China. 1,096 of Denmark, 69 of Greece, 7
of Greenland, 20 of Japan, 100, of Luxemburg, 132 of Mexico, 893
of Norway, 66 of Portugal, 59 of Sandwich Islands, 427 of South
American Islands, 667 of Spain, 77 of Turkey, 814 of West Indies,
exclusive of Cuba; 17 of Central America, 35 of Atlantic Islands,
62 of Europe, nationality not given; 93 born at sea. Of the foreign
population of Chicago, 44,411 were natives of Ireland, 32,919 of
Prussia, 29,249 of other German States, 13,265 of Canada, 13,045 of
England, 12,930 of Sweden, 11,887 of Bohemia, 9,783 of Norway, 5,536
of Poland, 4,152 of Scotland, 2,626 of Bavaria, 2,556 of Denmark,
2,145 of Baden, 2,045 of Holland, 1,356 of Austria, 1,590 of France,
1,919 of Hanover, 1,357 of Italy, 1,923 of Mechlenburg, 1,612 of
Saxony, 1,459 of Switzerland, 1,408 of Wurtemburg, 484 of Belgium,
408 of Hamburg, 739 of Hessen, 300 of Hungary, 358 of Luxemburg, 235
of New Brunswick, 243 of Nova Scotia, 722 of Wales, 921 of Russia,
110 of Nassau, 258 of China, 107 of Australasia, 48 born at sea, 41
of South America, 61 of Spain, 59 of West Indies, 87 of Newfoundland,
81 of Oldenburg, 44 of Brunswick, 44 of Great Britain, what part not
stated; 330 of countries not specified.


SLAVERY IN CUBA.

  GRAPELAND, Texas.

  What is the condition of slavery in Cuba, and in what time will
  emancipation be complete?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—According to a Cuban law, passed by the Spanish Cortes in
1870, all persons who should be born after June 23, 1870, and all
who should attain the age of 60, should be free after June 23, 1870.
This enactment, however, was evaded to a considerable extent. The
plantations were supplied not only with negro but also with Chinese
coolies, who were subjected to even greater servitude. In November,
1879, a new bill was passed by the Spanish Cortes, which provided
that all slaves from 55 upward should become free; that slaves
from 50 to 55 should be liberated Sept. 17, 1880; from 45 to 50,
September, 1882; from 40 to 45, in 1884; from 35 to 40, in 1886; from
30 to 35, in 1888, and those under 30 in 1890. The bill also provided
that the sum of 100,000 piastres should be set apart annually for
defraying the expenses of the emancipation, the owner to receive 350
piastres for each slave. This bill has gone into effect and is being
generally observed, although there is still some complaint of its
violation.


WASHINGTON TERRITORY.

  MANSON, Iowa.

  Please give a few facts concerning the climate, soil, and products
  of Washington Territory.

  W. CLEVELAND.

_Answer._—The Cascade range of mountains extends north and south
through Washington Territory, dividing it into two unequal parts,
which differ somewhat as to their climate and soil. West of the
mountains the climate is very moderate. The inhabitants do not
suffer either from extreme heat or extreme cold, the annual range
of the thermometer being from zero to 85 degrees. The rainy season
lasts three months in winter, during which the inhabitants suffer
no great discomfort. The soil on the river bottoms is a very rich
alluvium. The uplands have a clay loam, but considerable tracts
are sandy soil. About Puget Sound forests of fir and cedar extend
up to the summits of the mountains, while in the river bottoms may
be found the vine-maple, alder, and crab tree. Grain of all kinds,
nutritious grasses, hops, fruit, and vegetables grow abundantly.
East of the Cascades the climate is a little drier, and the summer
and winter heat a little more extreme. The soil is whiter than
that of the Mississippi Valley, being highly charged with alkaline
deposits. Herding now is the chief occupation of the settlers, though
it is expected that when the Northern Pacific Railway is completed
agriculture will become more prominent. Fruitful orchards, surrounded
by fields of wheat, oats, barley, and rye are not at all uncommon.


SACRAMENTO AND SAN JOAQUIN VALLEYS.

  EDGINGTON, Ill.

  Please give a description of the Sacramento and San Joaquin Valleys
  of California.

  A READER.

_Answer._—Between the Coast Ranges and the Sierra Nevada lie the
beautiful valleys of the Sacramento and San Joaquin, named from
the rivers which drain them. The climate of the country is very
uniform, the mean summer temperature of San Francisco, on the bay
into which these rivers empty, being 60 degrees, and that of winter
51 degrees. The rainy season commences in November and continues
until April, during which period, however, but little inconvenience
is occasioned. The dry season is such that crops readily mature and
may be harvested, threshed, and sent to market without being placed
under shelter. The soil is very productive, and, unless the rain
fails in its season, yields abundantly. The grasses are numerous and
nutritious. Wheat, oats, corn, and other cereals are grown quite
extensively. But in many portions of the valley the most lucrative
business is the cultivation of orchards and vineyards. Grapes,
apples, pears, plums, and in the southern part apricots, oranges, and
other tropical fruits grow in abundance. On the verdant slopes of
the mountains sheep-grazing is carried on on a large scale. Although
these valleys offer many inducements to settlers, land may still be
obtained in some places at moderate prices.


EX-GOVERNOR THROOP, OF NEW YORK.

  BUCKLIN, Mo.

  Please give a sketch of the late ex-Governor Throop, of New York.

  F. M. BEERS.

_Answer._—Enos Thompson Throop, at one time very prominent in
politics, was born at Johnstown, N. Y., Aug. 21, 1784. Choosing law
as his profession, he was admitted to the bar in 1806 and began
practice at Auburn. He early established an enviable reputation,
and in 1814 was chosen to represent his district in Congress. He
was afterward appointed by Governor Yates Circuit Judge of the
Seventh District. In 1828 he was elected Lieutenant Governor, along
with Governor Van Buren, and when the latter accepted a position in
Jackson’s Cabinet he succeeded him. In 1830 he was re-elected, but in
1832 declined a third term. He soon after removed to Michigan, where
he again became prominent in political affairs. As age, however,
came upon him his health failed and he returned again to his native
State. He died in his 91st year at Willow Brook, N.Y., on the shore
of Owasco Lake.


CLOCKS AND NOON-MARKS.

  DANVERS, Ill.

  How many correct noon-marks can be made during a year?

  H. M. VALENTINE.

_Answer._—Four correct “noon-marks” are made in a year, on the
following days: Dec. 24, April 15, June 14, and Sept. 1. Owing to
the inclination of the earth’s axis and its unequal movement in
its orbit, solar days vary in their length. The average solar day
corresponds to the twenty-four hours of our clocks, which keep what
is called mean time. If a clock were so constructed as to give the
real solar time for all periods of the year, it would be observed
that sometimes when the solar clock pointed at noon, the ordinary
clock, keeping mean time, would be pointing at figures between 11:45
and 12, or at other times between 12 and 12:15. Four times each year,
however, upon the days mentioned, the two clocks would coincide, and
the shadow of a dial, or noon-mark, would point due south at noon by
the clock.


THE FATHER OF THE HUMANE SOCIETY.

  BEDFORD, Iowa.

  Please give a short sketch of Henry Bergh, so long the President of
  the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

  FRANK ATKINSON.

_Answer._—Henry Bergh, the philanthropist, was born in New York,
in 1823. He received his education at Columbia College, where he
manifested a considerable love for literature. He afterward obtained
some notoriety as an author by writing a drama entitled “Love’s
Attractions,” a poem entitled “Married Off,” and several tales and
sketches. In 1863 he was made Secretary of the United States Legation
to Russia, and subsequently Vice Consul. Returning to this country,
he founded the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, which was incorporated in 1866. This association has grown
into considerable magnitude, having branches in most of the States
and receiving the support of the best citizens. The society endeavors
to prevent cruelty to all kinds of animals by securing the passage
and enforcement of laws to accomplish that object. It also takes into
consideration things which pertain to the health of the people, such
as purity of meat, milk, etc. As a minor illustration of its good
work, a few years ago sportsmen were accustomed to shoot pigeons
at shooting matches; but by an effort of the Humane Society glass
balls have been substituted. Mr. Bergh continues to preside over the
association.


WEATHER SIGNS.

  AURORA, Ill.

  Now that Vennor and the Signal Service, or “Old Probabilities,” are
  engrossing so much of the public attention, we are in danger of
  forgetting the old weather proverbs. Cannot Our Curiosity Shop call
  to mind a few of these, and let its readers test them alongside of
  the prognostications of Tice, Vennor & Co.

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—The editor of Our Curiosity Shop is neither a prophet
nor the son of a prophet. The best he can do to meet this demand
is to give the following quotations from a lecture on “Weather
Prognostics”, delivered by Mr. William Marriott, before the
Meteorological Society of England:

    When round the moon there is a brugh (halo),
    The weather will be cold and rough.

    When the sun goes pale to bed,
    ’Twill rain to-morrow, it is said.

    When the clouds are upon the hills,
    They come down by the mills.

    Mackerel sky and mares’ tails
    Make lofty ships carry low sails.

    When the wind veers against the sun,
    Trust it not, for back it will run.

    When the wind is in the south,
    It is in the rain’s mouth.

    When the mist creeps up the hill,
    Fisher, out and try your skill.

If larks fly high and sing long, expect fine weather.

When sea-birds fly out early and far to seaward, moderate winds and
fair weather may be expected.

If rooks go far abroad, it will be fine.

Cranes soaring along and quietly in the air foreshow fair weather.

If kites fly high, fine weather is at hand.

    Wild geese, wild geese, ganging out to sea,
    Good weather it will be.

When owls whoop much at night, expect fair weather.

Bats or flying mice, coming out of their holes quickly after sunset,
and sporting themselves in the open air, premonstrate fair and calm
weather.

Chickweed expands its leaves boldly and fully when fine weather is to
follow.

White mist in winter indicates frost.

When fires burn faster than usual and with a blue flame, frosty
weather may be expected.

In winter, when the sound of the breakers on the shore is unusually
distinct, frost is indicated.

    Clear moon,
    Frost soon.

In winter, when the moon’s horns are sharp and well-defined, frost is
expected.

    If the wind is northeast three days without rain
    Eight days will pass before south wind again.

If wind follow sun’s course, expect fair weather.

All the above prognostics, it may be remarked, are in strict
accordance with scientific observation.


FIRST MICHIGAN STATE ELECTION.

  GREENVILLE, Wis.

  When did the first State election occur in Michigan?

  J. H. STANLEY.

_Answer._—In the year 1835 Michigan adopted a State constitution and
chose Stevens T. Mason, the Territorial Governor, as its first State
Governor. It then demanded of Congress a recognition as a State and
the rights of representation. This request Congress agreed to grant,
providing the petitioning State would accept the boundary line
claimed by Ohio. Not until January, 1837, would Michigan accept such
terms, and then only on condition that it should receive, in lieu
of the disputed strip on the south, the territory on Lake Superior
now known as the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Immediately after this
the State was formally admitted. By special permission the State was
allowed to cast three electoral votes in the Presidential contest
of 1836-7. In the same year in which it was admitted, Mr. Mason was
re-elected to the position of Governor, which office he continued to
hold until 1839.


THE LONGEST THROWS, LEAPS, AND RUNS.

  CAMBRIDGE, Iowa.

  What is the longest throw on record with a base ball? What is the
  longest single standing jump? What is the fastest time ever made
  by man running 100 yards? What is the fastest mile ever made by a
  horse?

  A. APLIN.

_Answer._—The longest throw with a base ball for the year 1882 was
132 yards 1 foot, made by E. N. Williamson, the third baseman of the
Chicago league nine. The longest standing jump with artificial aid
was made by G. W. Hamilton, at Romeo, Mich., Oct. 3, 1879. With 22
pound weights he jumped 14 feet 5½ inches. The longest standing jump
without artificial aid was performed by J. J. Tickle, Sept. 2, 1871,
at Manchester, England, who cleared 10 feet 5 inches. The fastest run
of 100 yards was made by George Seward, an American, at Hammersmith,
England, Sept. 30, 1844, who accomplished the feat in 9¼ seconds. The
fastest recorded time ever made by a horse for one mile was 1 minute
39¾ seconds, which was accomplished by Ten Broeck, a running horse,
at Louisville, Ky., May 24, 1877. The fastest mile in heat racing
was performed by Ada Glenn, in 1 minute 41¼ seconds, running, at
Sheepshead Bay, L. I., Sept. 21, 1880.


BOLIVAR, THE LIBERATOR.

  ORANGE GROVE, Miss.

  Give a short historical sketch or the life of General Bolivar.

  FRANK.

_Answer._—Bolivar y Ponte, surnamed The Liberator, was a South
American patriot, who in July, 1783, was born in Caracas, a town in
the then Spanish province of Venezuela. His father, having obtained
considerable wealth, like many of the early adventurers, sent his
son to Madrid to pursue the study of law. When Venezuela in 1810
endeavored to throw off the yoke of Spanish oppression, Bolivar
joined the cause of the patriots and began service under Miranda.
Soon his own ability eclipsed that of his senior officer and he was
given a separate command. Defeating the Spaniards in August, 1813,
he entered Caracas at the head of his victorious army in triumph.
He was immediately appointed dictator; but his enjoyment of that
office was suddenly terminated by the reappearance of the Spaniards,
who in 1814 defeated and drove him from the province. His defeat,
however, did not discourage him. In 1817 he led the patriots in a
battle against Morillo and again found himself a conqueror. Venezuela
chose him to be her President, and in 1819 New Granada did him like
honor, the two States uniting to form Colombia. In 1823 his love
for liberty and hatred of Spain caused him to lend assistance to the
revolting Peruvians. The latter were successful, and as a reward for
the excellent service of the Liberator, Bolivia, named in his honor,
was erected into a separate State, and Bolivar was made its President
for life. For a few years he remained President of both Colombia and
Bolivia. He died in December, 1830.


ENGLISH SOVEREIGNS.

  HUNTINGDON, Pa.

  Who have been sovereigns of England since the reign of King John?

  W. S. C.

_Answer._—The following, beginning with John, the grantor of Magna
Charta, have been sovereigns of England:

John—Sixth son of Henry II.

Henry III.—Eldest son of John.

Edward I.—Eldest son of Henry III.

Edward II.—Eldest surviving son of Edward I.

Edward III.—Eldest son of Edward II.

Richard II.—Son of the Black Prince, eldest son of Edward III.

Henry IV.—Son of John of Gaunt, fourth son of Edward III.

Henry V.—Eldest son of Henry IV.

Henry VI.—Only son of Henry V.

Edward IV.—Grandson of Richard, son of Edmund, son of Edward III.

Edward V.—Eldest son of Edward IV.

Richard III.—Younger brother of Edward IV.

Henry VII.—Son of Edmund, eldest son of Owen Tudor by Katharine,
widow of Henry V.

Henry VIII.-Only surviving son of Henry VII.

Edward VI.—Son of Henry VIII. by Jane Seymour.

Mary I.—Daughter of Henry VIII. by Katherine of Arragon.

Elizabeth—Daughter of Henry VIII. by Anne Boleyn.

James I.—Son of Mary Queen of Scots, granddaughter of James IV. and
Margaret, daughter of Henry VII.

Charles I.—Only surviving son of James I.

  Commonwealth—{ Oliver Cromwell.
               { Richard Cromwell.

Charles II.—Eldest son of Charles I.

James II.—Second son of Charles I.

  William III. { Son of William Prince of Orange
    and        {   by Mary, daughter of Charles I.
  Mary II.     { Eldest daughter of James II.

Anne—Second daughter of James II.

George I.—Grandson of Elizabeth, daughter of James I.

George II.—Only son of George I.

George III.—Grandson of George II.

George IV.—Eldest son of George III.

William IV.—Third son of George III.

Victoria—Daughter of Edward, fourth son of George III.


WHO MADE MAXIMILIAN EMPEROR OF MEXICO?

  TAYLOR, Ill.

  What part did France take in placing Maximilian on the throne of
  Mexico?

  M. M. ALDIL.

_Answer._—Taking advantage of the war which occupied the attention
of the United States, Napoleon III., planned the conquest of Mexico.
With but little difficulty his army succeeded in this enterprise
and occupied the City of Mexico in 1863. He soon discovered the
barren nature of his conquest and the certainty of final failure.
To rid himself of the consequences of what had proved a most costly
enterprise, before he should be forced to a humiliating abandonment
of the country, he tempted Maximilian, Archduke of Austria, to accent
the crown of Mexico. To give eclat to the affair and the color of
popular approval, he ordered an election. This was dominated by
French troops and Napoleon’s Mexican accomplices, and the result was
an apparent popular vote to adopt an imperial form of government and
invite Maximilian to accept the throne. In 1864 he was received with
festivities and other marks of distinction planned by the French
and their Mexican supporters. The Mexican patriots, however, still
maintained an organization. When driven out of the capital President
Juarez retired to San Luis Potosi, then to Monterey, and finally
to Chihuahua, and with his Cabinet still maintained the form of a
central, national head of the republic. The French availed of the
excuse that Maximilian was in possession of the government to return
to France, and leave him to his own resources. The guerrilla bands
of patriots which had kept up the harassment of the imperial troops
with more or less persistency from the first, gathered strength, and
at last, deserted by Napoleon, attacked on all sides by the rallying
militia of the republic, the unhappy Emperor undertook to escape from
the country, was captured, and finally executed at Queretaro, June
19, 1867. The French were wholly responsible for placing Maximilian
in Mexico and for abandoning him to his unhappy fate.


TRADES UNIONS.

  JACKSONVILLE, Ill.

  Please give us information as to the origin, object, and extent of
  trades unions.

  W. A. LEWIS.

_Answer._—The various trade societies are the outgrowth of the old
English guilds, which originated in the beginning of the eleventh
century, and had for their prime object the relief or support of
infirm guild-brothers, the burial of the dead with proper religious
services, etc. In time, however, these organizations became better
classified and more exclusive. One guild was confined to the
merchants, another to the woolen manufacturers, another to the
cutlery manufacturers, etc.: the objects, at the same time, becoming
more comprehensive. In order to secure skilled workmen and prevent
competition with the inexperienced, the craftsmen secured the
passage of apprenticeship laws. In the case of woolen and several
other trades apprentices were required to serve manufacturers seven
years. Employers and employes were then united in these efforts, but,
finally, as the manufacturing industries became more profitable and
improved, and machinery was introduced, the rich masters withdrew
from the craftguilds, and began to hire children and men who had not
served a complete apprenticeship. This action on the part of the
employers caused the first “trade society” to be formed, in 1796,
called the Institution, which had for its object the protection of
its members against the encroachments of capitalists, and to secure
the passage of stricter apprenticeship laws. Since that time the
trades unions have increased in number and membership, until they
include nearly all the craftsmen of England, and from protective
associations they have grown into societies for the general
improvement of the laboring classes. To its efforts mainly are due
the passage of the eight-hour law of Great Britain and the statute
granting the Saturday half-holiday. In the United States similar
organizations are found, to which, especially in large cities, nearly
all the workmen belong.


THE RED SEA.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Is it generally believed by Bible scholars that the Red Sea was so
  called because of the destruction of Pharaoh and the Egyptian army?

  ANN HALLIDAY.

_Answer._—The drowning of Pharaoh and his host in the Red Sea had
nothing to do with its name. It takes this from a peculiar reddish
color remarked at certain seasons of the year in parts of this sea,
due to marine plants, or to reddish animalculæ, called by sailors
“whale feed,” which float on it like a scum; or to the reefs of red
coral which abound in many parts of it; or, possibly, to the fact
that its upper coast was one of the boundaries of Edom, “the red.” No
Biblical scholar of any repute has ever asserted that the sea took
its name from the overthrow of Pharaoh.


DESCRIPTION OF A CREAMERY.

  FORT DODGE, Iowa.

  The farmers of this section of the country need to know what a good
  creamery is. Tell us what the inside of a really good creamery
  looks like.

  MANY READERS.

_Answer._—A Chicago inquirer says: “Oblige butter and cheese
consumers with a description of a first-class creamery. Some of us
have a very vague notion of such an establishment.—E. D. Smith.”
Another inquiry comes from Neligh, Neb. So some care has been taken
to obtain a description of a thoroughly well-constructed factory of
this kind. This is the more important as the dairy business of the
West is growing with wonderful rapidity, and nothing has done more
to develop this industry than the recent introduction of creameries.
The term creamery was formerly applied to an establishment fitted
up expressly for the purpose of manufacturing butter, but now the
name is given to factories where both butter and cheese are made.
Milk is brought in spring wagons from dairy-farms for a distance of
six miles or less, and cream is gathered anywhere within a radius
of fifteen miles to be manufactured into butter and cheese. This
product thus handled in larger quantities, in a scientific manner,
with effective labor-saving machinery and proper surroundings, makes
it possible to obtain the best results, and such product is always
marketable at prices much higher than dairy butter. The factory of
the Aurora Creamery Company, built at Aurora, Ill., about a year ago
is generally regarded as a model establishment, and will furnish an
example for this description. To operate a creamery successfully two
things are absolutely necessary, viz., a good spring of living water
of low temperature, say 50 to 54 deg., and good drainage; without
these features there is no prospect of permanent success in the
undertaking. The factory named has a spring located about 200 feet
off which discharges, both winter and summer, 750 gallons of pure
water per hour, temperature 52 deg., with 5 feet 9 inches fall, while
drainage is supplied by a 2-foot square stone sewer which empties
into the river, through which a slough is drained, and into which
there is a 5-foot fall from the factory. The main building is of
brick with a 12-inch wall: size, 32 × 70, 20 feet high; right wing,
20 × 24; left wing, 18 × 24, and rear extension, 18 × 26. The room
in which the cheese is manufactured is 30 × 40. It contains a fine
upright 9-horse-power engine, a Wir’s self-agitating rotary cheese
vat with a capacity for 12,000 pounds of milk and a gang cheese
press. The butter room, 30 × 30 feet, contains one churn with a
capacity of 400 gallons, and one with a capacity of 150 gallons, a
power butter worker, sink with steam pipes to scald, and revolving
brush for washing cans, 3 cream vats 300 gallons each, a receiving
vat into which the milk is strained, and from which it is drawn into
deep pails, or sets, which are placed in three cemented water vats
of capacity sufficient to cool 20,000 pounds of milk daily. The left
wing of the factory contains a 16-horse power boiler, which furnishes
steam to run the machinery and heat the building; a seventy-barrel
water tank, which is placed over the boiler; a Davidson steam pump
and coal bin which will store fifty tons of coal. An improvement
which, it is claimed, is found in no other factory, is an elevated
“whey vat” placed over the boiler-room, into which the whey is
raised by a rotary pump, and from which the farmers draw their
supply of whey to be carried into the country. When all that is
wanted has been drawn out a gate is opened, and the balance is run
into the river, after which the tank is scalded out and kept sweet
and clean. This is a vast improvement over the pestilence breeding
arrangement which is sunk in the ground, and is located near the
butter and cheese rooms of most other factories. The right wing of
the factory contains a driveway, a receiving-room, weighing platform,
and stairway to office. The extension holds 150 tons of ice, and
contains a refrigerator with a capacity of 30,000 pounds of butter.
In the second story is a neat office, store-rooms, and curing room,
to which the cheese are raised by an elevator. The lower floors are
made of 2 × 6 joists, dressed and matched and imbedded in cement;
under which is a four-inch coating of grout, so that there is no
possible chance for the milk to leak through the floor and produce
the sickening stench which is so common in many factories. Special
attention has been given to ventilation in every part of the building
and the whole establishment has the appearance in neatness of a tidy
farmhouse kitchen. The sum of $10,000 was expended in real estate,
buildings, and fixtures of this factory, but a good creamery with a
comfortable outfit of medium capacity could be put up for much less
money. The machinery for churning and working the butter is as simple
as it is ingenious. The churn is a great square chest revolving on
an axis running through its longest diameter; the butter-workers are
fluted wooden cones running around a circular disk inclined at an
angle to the horizon, so that the buttermilk runs off as fast as it
is expressed. The apparatus for stirring the cheese curd and pressing
the cheese, and a score of other nicely contrived instruments,
operate with the uniformity and precision of clock work.


SPEED OF RAILWAY TRAINS.

  WAUKEGAN, Ill.

  How does the speed of railroad trains in this country compare with
  that of trains in Europe?

  C. D. ADAMS.

_Answer._—The fastest recorded railroad speed in the United States
is given in the New York Clipper Almanac, as follows: The train
which left West Philadelphia for Jersey City over the Pennsylvania
Railroad at 7:35 a. m., Sept. 4, 1879 (Edward Osborn, engineer), made
1 mile in 50¼ seconds; 3 miles in 2 m. 36¼ sec., and 5 miles in 4
m. 50 sec. A train on the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad
made the run from Hamburg to Buffalo, N. Y., 10 miles, in 8 minutes.
The locomotive Hamilton Davis and six cars, on the New York Central
Railroad in 1855, made 14 miles in 11 minutes. A new Fontaine engine
and two coaches, carrying W. H. Vanderbilt and party, ran from
Amherstburg to St. Thomas, Can., over the Canada Southern Railroad,
111 miles, in 98 minutes—no stop. Probably the fastest run ever made
for any considerable distance in England was that of the special
train carrying the Duke of Wellington from Paddington to Slough, 18
miles, in 15 minutes. But these are exceptional runs; what is of
more importance is to compare regular time-table speed. The London
_Engineer_ says, commenting on a series of articles on this subject
which have appeared in the German journal, _Die Verkehrszeitung_, in
the _American Railroad Gazette_, and in other papers, “it appears
that railroad speeds in Great Britain, on the Continent, and in the
United States are much slower than most people suppose. If we take
for instance, the run from London to Edinburgh, a distance of 397
miles via York, this is made in 9 hours by great Northern trains, the
average speed being 44.1 miles per hour. From Euston the distance
is 401 miles, and London and Northwestern trains make the run in 10
hours, or 40.1 miles an hour. By the Midland Railway the distance is
404 miles, and the time 10 h. 5 min., or very nearly the same speed.
Some of the fastest trains in the world are those run between Leeds
and London. From King’s Cross the distance by the Great Northern is
186½ miles. From St. Pancras by the Midland is 196 miles. The fastest
train on the Great Northern makes the run in 4 h. 5 min., or an
average speed of 45.4 miles an hour. The Midland trains traverse the
distance in 4 h. 30 min., giving an average velocity of 43.5 miles an
hour. The fastest train in the world is the Flying Dutchman, broad
gauge, which makes the run to Swindon at 53½ miles an hour. The Great
Northern trains run from London to York, 188 miles, at 48 miles an
hour, and at least one train runs to Peterborough at 51 miles an
hour. The run from London to Grantham has been made repeatedly at 51
miles an hour. On the United States railways the quickest run appears
to be that made between Jersey City and Philadelphia, 89 miles, made
at the rate of 47⅔ miles an hour. There is not in the world a train
timed to run 60 miles an hour, although it is, of course, certain
that that velocity is often exceeded. If a speed of 60 miles an hour
could be maintained continually between London and Edinburgh, the
journey would occupy only 6 hours and 36 minutes; and allowing for
three stops of 10 minutes each on the route, the time would be under
7¼ hours, instead of 10 hours. So far as the machinery of a railway
is concerned—by which we mean the road, the rolling stock, and the
signals—there is nothing to prevent an average speed of 60 miles an
hour being maintained. That it is not attained is certain.”


THE UNITED STATES CIVIL LIST.

  OSKALOOSA, Iowa.

  What officers are included under the civil service?

  L. A. H.

_Answer._—The civil officers of the United States are those employed
by the several departments. In 1876, in reply to an inquiry made
by order of Congress, the following official statement was made:
Department of State, 430; Treasury, 12,482; War Department, 1,489;
Navy Department, 131; Postoffice Department, 44,897; Interior, 2,475;
Department of Justice, 528. Total number of civil officers, 62,427.


GREAT FIRES.

  JOLIET, Ill.

  Which was the greatest fire, that of London, Moscow, or Chicago?

  AN INQUIRER.

_Answer._—The great fire of London, which occurred in 1666, destroyed
about two-thirds of the city; but there is no estimate of the value
of the property. The burning of Moscow, in September, 1812, destroyed
property which has been valued at $150,000,000. The great Chicago
fire of 1871 consumed $192,000,000 worth of property. The area burnt
over in the Chicago fire was greater than that covered by either the
London or Moscow fire.


PRESIDENT JACKSON’S DOUBLE MARRIAGE.

  OWENSVILLE, Ark.

  Who was the first husband of Andrew Jackson’s wife, and what was
  the cause of the separation?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Mrs. Jackson was formerly the wife of Mr. Lewis Robards,
of Kentucky. While Mr. Robards and his wife were residing at the
home of Mrs. Donelson, the mother of Mrs. Robards, Andrew Jackson
became a boarder, and consequently quite intimate with the family.
In time, Mr. Robards became intensely jealous of his wife, which
culminated in his charging her with adultery and suing for divorce.
This charge, however, was neither proven nor generally believed.
Through the influence of Jackson, the Legislature in 1791 passed an
act legalizing the separation of Mr. and Mrs. Robards, but the legal
divorce from the courts was not obtained until 1793. After the act
of the Legislature, Jackson married Mrs. Robards, supposing that she
was lawfully divorced; but after the decision of the court, in order
to remove everything questionable, he was remarried.


THE BUNKER HILL FLAG.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What flag, if any, did the provincials use in the battle of
  Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775? What was the first flag used by the
  revolutionary army?

  H. J. H.

_Answer._—Reference to that standard work, “The Origin and Progress
of the Flag of the United States of America,” by George Henry
Preble, U. S. N., and other sources of information, shows that it
is uncertain what flag, if any, was displayed by the Americans at
Bunker Hill, in the famous fight of June 17, 1775. The flag raised on
Prospect Hill by General Putnam, a month later, July 18, 1775, was
red, with the motto, _Qui Transtulit Sustinet_, (who transplanted
still sustains) on one side, and “An Appeal to Heaven” on the other.
This latter motto was emblazoned on the white flag with a green
pine tree carried by the privateers commissioned by Massachusetts,
soon after this. The first cruisers commissioned by Washington
also bore “the pine tree flag.” Before the battle of Bunker Hill,
indeed, immediately after the battle of Lexington, on the 19th of
the preceding April, the provincial troops of Connecticut carried
a standard bearing the arms of that colony and the Latin motto
above cited. As General Putnam and his Connecticut troops took a
prominent part in the battle of Bunker Hill, it is presumable that
this flag was displayed in that action, and by parity of reasoning
it may be inferred that the colonial flags of Massachusetts and
New Hampshire were carried into the action by the militia of those
colonies. Precisely what these were it is almost or quite impossible
to determine with certainty. Indeed, there seem to have been several
different flags. The “union-flags” so frequently mentioned in the
accounts left us of the revolutionary movements of 1774 and the
early part of 1775 were, in most instances, the English red ensign,
with such mottoes as “Liberty and Union,” “Liberty and Property,”
or simply “Liberty.” Peculiar devices were employed by the patriots
of different neighborhoods. Not until Jan. 2, 1776, was the first
common standard raised. This was the “Great Union,” as it was
christened, adopted by General Washington, and first displayed at
his headquarters in Cambridge, Mass., on the date above given. It
consisted of thirteen stripes, alternately white and red, with the
crosses of St. George and St. Andrew in the union where the stars now
glitter.


ORIGIN OF PORTERHOUSE STEAK.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Can Our Curiosity Shop tell us why steaks cut from the small end of
  the sirloin are called porterhouse steaks?

  EPICURE.

_Answer._—Colonel Thomas F. De Voe, a New York butcher, author of
“The Market Book,” “The Market Assistant,” and other works of similar
nature, gives the following account of this now popular cut of beef:
Martin Morrison kept a favorite porterhouse at No. 327 Pearl street,
New York, near the old Walton House. It was a popular resort with
many of the New York pilots, because here they were always sure
of a pot of ale or porter and “a hot bite,” including one or two
substantial dishes. On one occasion, in 1814, Morrison had enjoyed
an unusual number of calls for steaks, and when an old pilot, who
dropped in at a late hour, called for something substantial to
eat, he was forced to cut from a sirloin roasting piece which he
had got for the next day’s family dinner. The old pilot relished
his steak amazingly and called for another. This disposed of, “he
squared himself in front of his host and vociferated, ‘Look ye here,
messmate, arter this I want my steaks off the roasting piece! Do
you hear that? So mind your weather eye, old boy!’” The old pilot’s
companions soon learned to appreciate these cuts, and it was not
long before they were all insisting on having them. Accordingly,
Morrison’s butcher, Thomas Gibbons, of the Fly Market, asked him why
he had ceased to order the large sirloin steaks. Morrison explained
that he had found that cuts from the small end of the sirloin of the
beef suited his single customers best, both in size and quality,
and directed that thereafter, instead of sending him the sirloin
roasts uncut, he have them cut into chops or steaks, as he should
direct. Gibbons’ daily order, “Cut steaks for the porterhouse,” soon
gave these the name of “porterhouse steaks,” by which they became
known all through the Fly Market, particularly as this excellent cut
rapidly became popular in all the public houses of the city. The name
is now familiar to housekeepers on both sides of the Atlantic, at
least wherever the English language is spoken.


SOLDIERS’ HOMESTEADS.

  CEDAR FALLS, Iowa.

  Is a soldier who served more than three years in the army during
  the late rebellion, and who almost immediately afterwards took up
  a homestead claim of 120 acres of land, whereon he is now living,
  entitled to enter forty acres more in another place?

  A. N. WILSON.

_Answer._—The following letter from Commissioner McFarland, in answer
to a similar inquiry from Mr. A. H. Field, of Indian River, Mich.,
answers this question officially. Observe that the answer turns upon
the important fact that Mr. Field entered his homestead of only
eighty acres after the passage of the act approved June 22, 1874,
hence the Commissioner holds that he is not entitled to the benefits
of the act, whereas if he had made final proof of his claim before
June 22, 1874, he would be entitled to an additional eighty acres.

“WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. 14, 1883.—A. H. Field, Esq., Indian River,
Mich.—Sir: I am in receipt of your letter of the 31st ult., in which
you state that you served four years in the army during the late
civil war, and that in 1878 you made a homestead entry of eighty
acres—all that you could get in that locality—and have lived on
the same ever since, and made final proof. You ask if you are not
entitled to an additional entry of eighty acres. In reply, I have to
state that _you are not_. The homestead act of June 8, 1872, provides
that any soldier who served for ninety days in the army during the
war of the rebellion, and was honorably discharged, who may have
_heretofore_ entered under the homestead laws a less quantity than
160 acres, shall be permitted to enter a sufficient quantity of land,
which, added to that embraced in the original entry, shall not exceed
160 acres. Such provision was carried into the Revised Statutes of
the United States (Sec. 2306), which statutes were approved June 22,
1874, and since that date if such a soldier elects to enter a less
amount of land than 160 acres, he must abide by his election. Very
respectfully,

  “A. C. MCFARLAND, Commissioner.”

Mr. Field writes to THE INTER OCEAN, inclosing this letter from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and complaining that this
law inflicts a hardship on him and other soldiers in the late war,
who, like himself, deferred their entries until after the passage of
the above act. He says: “It seems that it is unfortunate for me, as
an old soldier, that I did not locate my land previous to June, 1874.
I ought to be entitled to eighty acres of land more as well as any
other class of soldiers.” Whether this complaint is or is not well
founded, the fact remains that the law is as above stated.


FINDING ONE’S POSITION AT SEA.

  PLYMOUTH, Wis.

  By what method do sailors at sea determine their exact position?

  DOBS.

_Answer._—The mariner determines his latitude by observing the
meridian altitude of a celestial star whose declination or distance
from the equator is known. In the northern hemisphere for an
approximate answer the pole star is generally taken, the altitude
of which is nearly the latitude of the place. If an observer were
standing upon the equator and looking to the north he would see the
pole star on the horizon, with no altitude. If he should move three
degrees north the pole star would have an altitude corresponding.
At Chicago it is above the horizon about 41 degrees 50 minutes,
corresponding to the latitude of this city. Owing to the apparent
revolution of the pole star about a central axis, which is the true
pole of the heavens, the accurate latitude can only be obtained by
observing its least and greatest altitude and taking one-half their
sum. The longitude of any place computed from Greenwich, Washington,
or other prime meridian, is easily determined by observing the
Greenwich or Washington time when the sun passes the zenith meridian.
In other words, knowing the difference in time between Greenwich and
the place of observation, the longitude of the place may be readily
computed. A difference of time amounting to one hour represents 15
degrees of longitude east or west, as the case may be. The difference
in time between Chicago and Washington is forty-three minutes, which
makes the longitude of Chicago 10 degrees 45 minutes, reckoning
from the legal prime meridian of the United States, which is that
of Washington. Every ship carries a marine chronometer, which is a
time-keeper of the most careful construction, whose accuracy has been
tested with the utmost precision—which is plainly a matter of the
utmost importance to a vessel when it is remembered that an error
of four seconds of time represents about one and one-tenth statute
miles, enough to wreck a ship on a lee shore when the captain,
following the chronometer, supposed himself at a safe distance from
the shoal or shore.


YEARS FOR PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.

  STREATOR, Ill.

  Is there any easy rule for finding the years on which Presidential
  elections have been held or are to be held?

  A. C.

_Answer._—Every year divisible by four, without exception, is the
year for the election of President and Vice President of the United
States.


U. S. BONDED DEBT—WHEN PAYABLE.

  BARTON, Wis.

  When and in what sums does the bonded debt of the United States
  fall due?

  W. MUNGER.

_Answer._—Several of the later issues of bonds are payable at the
pleasure of the government, but the following cannot be redeemed
except by purchase in the market until specified dates. Four per
cents payable July 1, 1907, $738,829,600; 4½ per cents payable Sept.
1, 1891, $250,000,000; Pacific Railway 6’s payable Sept. 1, 1895,
$3,002,000; Pacific Railway 6’s payable Sept. 1, 1896, $8,000,000;
Pacific Railway 6’s payable Sept 1, 1897, $9,712,000; Pacific Railway
6’s payable Sept. 1, 1898, $29,383,000; Pacific Railway 6’s payable
Sept. 1, 1899, $14,526,512.


THE SIGNS OF THE ZODIAC.

  GENEVA, N. Y.

  Who first devised the signs of the zodiac, and for what purpose?

  CHAS. W. SMITH.

_Answer._—Representations of the zodiacal signs are found among
the ancient writings of the Hindoos, Persians, and Chinese, and
among the carvings on the ruins of Egyptian temples. There is such
a degree of similarity in the characters that a common origin must
be supposed. The signs of the zodiac embrace the twelve important
constellations, which, owing to the motions of the earth, appear to
revolve through the heavens within a belt extending nine degrees
on each side of the sun’s apparent annual path, and within or near
which all the planets revolve. Since the sun appears successively
in each of these twelve constellations during the year, the zodiac
was divided into twelve equal parts, corresponding to the months.
These signs and their subdivisions were used in measuring time and
as the basis of astronomical and astrological calculations and
predictions. Astronomers now, for convenience, use the same signs,
giving to each constellation an extent of thirty degrees, although
the constellations vary in size. These signs are Aries representing
the ram; Taurus, the bull; Gemini, the twins; Cancer, the crab;
Leo, the lion; Virgo, the virgin; Libra, the balance; Scorpio, the
scorpion; Sagittarius, the archer; Capricornus, the goat; Aquarius,
the water-bearer; and Pisces, the fishes. On the 20th of March the
sun enters Aries, and at midnight Virgo, the opposite constellation,
will be overhead. During the month of April the sun will pass
into Taurus, and at midnight Libra will be overhead. The early
astronomers were astrologers, and claimed to be able to predict the
future careers of individuals and nations by observing the positions
and movements of the planets, and condition of the weather, at the
most important periods of men’s lives. A man born when the sun was in
the constellation Scorpio was believed to be naturally bent toward
excessive indulgence of the animal passions; one born when the sun
was in Aries was destined to be a great scholar or ruler; one born
when the sun was in Pisces was predestined to grovel or be a servant,
and so on. All this is regarded now as exploded superstition, except
by fortune-tellers and their dupes.


AREAS OF ENGLAND, SCOTLAND, AND IRELAND.

  HOUGHTON, Mich.

  What are the areas of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales? Also,
  what is the area of the county of Cornwall?

  W. J. UREN.

_Answer._—England has an area of 50,914 square miles, or 32,584,735
acres; Ireland, 32,524 square miles, or 20,815,460 acres; Scotland,
30,462 square miles, or 19,496,132 acres; Wales, 7,397 square miles,
or 4,734,486 acres. The county of Cornwall contains 1,390 square
miles, or an acreage of 869,898.


TO SELECT HOUDAN FOWLS.

  CLINTON, Iowa.

  By what marks can I tell Houdan fowls I am about to purchase a
  pair, if they are what they are represented to be—of pure breed.

  J. ALLEN.

_Answer._—Houdans stand and walk erectly; the males weigh from eight
to nine pounds; the hens from five to seven pounds. They are lumpy in
shape, are evenly speckled white and brown, with large comb, crest,
and beard. Refuse any that have not pink-white feet, black and white
plumage, and good crests.


THE FIRST CABLE MESSAGE.

  FAIRPOINT, Minn.

  What was the first message sent on the Atlantic cable?

  FRANK PALMER.

_Answer._—The first message on the Atlantic cable of 1858, which soon
proved a failure, was a congratulatory dispatch from Queen Victoria
to President Buchanan. The first message on the successful cable
completed in 1866 was the announcement of the treaty of peace between
Prussia and Austria.


PRINCE NAPOLEON.

  AURORA, Ill.

  Will Our Curiosity Shop tell us what relation the Prince Jerome
  Bonaparte, lately arrested in France for issuing an insurrectionary
  proclamation, bears to Napoleon I. and oblige many readers?

  T.

_Answer._—Jerome Bonaparte, the father of this Prince Jerome, was
the youngest brother of Napoleon I. In 1803, when he was only 18
years of age, he married Miss Elizabeth Patterson, of Baltimore. This
act was displeasing to Napoleon, who passed a decree annulling the
marriage on the ground that his brother was not of age and the bans
were not published in France. Soon after the return of Jerome to his
native country he was made King of Westphalia, and at the suggestion
of Napoleon, married Catherine, daughter of the King of Wurtemburg.
Of this marriage three children were born—Jerome Napoleon, in 1814,
who died in 1847; Napoleon Joseph Charles Paul, the subject of this
sketch, in 1822, who afterward took his elder brother’s name, and
the Princess Mathilde. The Prince first came into prominence by his
denunciation of the government of Louis Philippe and his sympathy
with the revolutionists, which caused his banishment in 1845. But,
in 1848, he returned and participated in the revolution. In 1852
he took his seat in the Senate and Council of State, receiving the
title of Prince and being declared by decree of the Senate the heir
of his cousin, Napoleon III., in case the latter should die without
issue. He took part in the Crimean war, commanding a reserve force at
Alma and at Inkerman. Before the close of the war he was recalled,
ostensibly on account of his health, and soon entered upon the
duties of several important civil offices. In 1859 he was married
to Princess Clothilde, daughter of the late Victor Emanuel, King of
Italy, by whom he has three children. In 1861 he visited the United
States, and, with his suite and the French Minister, accompanied
the Army of the Potomac, pushing as far South as Richmond. After
his return he sympathized to a certain extent with the democratic
feeling arising in France. For this seeming absurdity he was given
the name Plon-Plon. In 1876 he was returned to the French Assembly
from Corsica, but in the year following he was rejected. On the death
of the Prince Imperial, as the son of Napoleon III. is called, in
Zululand, in 1879, Jerome became the head of the Bonaparte family.
He was not popular with a majority of the leading Bonapartists,
many of whom refused to acknowledge him as their chief, and urged
the proclamation of the elder of Jerome’s two sons as the heir of
Napoleon III. Of late, however, there has been a reconciliation
between the ex-Empress Eugenie and Jerome, and the Bonapartists
generally seem disposed to acquiesce; so that, in case of the
Bonaparte’s coming to the front once more, his title of Prince may
become something more than an empty sound.


THE CORN CROP ESTIMATES FOR 1882.

  DUNLAP, Iowa.

  How much corn was produced in 1882? Are there any reliable
  statistics on the subject?

  W. H. DEDRICK.

_Answer._—According to the report of the Department of Agriculture
the corn crop of 1882 amounted to 1,624,917,800 bushels. These
figures have been questioned, but they are based on the estimates
of about 1,500 agricultural observers and reporters employed by the
bureau, and they are generally conceded to be a fair estimate. Of
course, all our crop statistics are only estimates.


CEDAR COUNTY, NEBRASKA.

  MELON, Iowa.

  Please give a short description of Cedar County Nebraska.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—This county lies on the northern boundary of the State,
being washed by the Missouri River and drained by the several
branches of the Bow and Beaver Creeks. In many portions the land is
very rich and yields abundantly wheat, corn, and other cereals. In
1879 the corn crop of Cedar County amounted to 2,826,259 bushels, or
40 bushels per acre, which was the largest yield of any county in the
State. Orchards of choice fruit trees have been set out and thrive
well. The climate is like that of Southern Dakota and Northwestern
Iowa, very warm in summer and cold in winter, which latter, from the
dryness of the climate, is rendered more endurable than a higher
temperature in some of the more Eastern States. The population in
1880 was 2,899. St. Helena, the county seat, is a thriving little
town of 300 inhabitants.


THE SITE OF EDEN.

  WESTFIELD, Wis.

In Our Curiosity Shop of Jan. 11, C. A. Sharp asks for the location
of the Garden of Eden. The Bible tells us that “a river went out of
Eden to water the garden, and from thence it was parted and became
into four heads.” It then proceeds to give them in the order of
distance above the mouth of the Euphrates. But one of these rivers
is now known by its original name, and that is the Euphrates. Let
us, therefore, go down that and see if we can find the other three
tributary to it that will agree with the narrative. The first is a
large stream from the north. We at once recognize it as the Hiddekel.
This is the third river, and its head is far to the north, as is also
that of the Euphrates. The text says, “it goeth toward the east of
Assyria.” The marginal reading, I think, will be found to explain
this. It says “it goeth east to Assyria,” and the great Assyrian
Empire was upon it. As we go down these united rivers we find a
considerable stream from the northeast, the head of which is in the
mountains toward the Caspian Sea. If this is the second river, the
Gihon, the text says it “compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.” This
expression has doubtless led to much confusion, as the mind has been
turned to Ethiopia, in Africa, and which seemed irreconcilable with
the text. But turn to the passage and we find the marginal reading
to be Cush, and Cush, or Cutha, was a country east of the Hiddekel,
through which this stream flows. We turn again to the narrative and
it says the first river is the Pison, and that it compasseth the land
of Havilah, where there is gold and precious stones. After leaving
the mouth of the second river, the Gihon, we find a stream having
its head in the mountains east of the Persian Gulf, and also a place
called Havilah. The country abounds in precious stones and valuable
minerals, and this, with the other three rivers, seems to fill the
conditions of the text. We will now hastily review the above to see
more clearly its coincidence with the account as given by Moses 2,500
years afterward, in the second chapter of Genesis. A river went out
of Eden to water the garden, and from thence it was parted into four
heads. The name of the first is Pison, etc.; this we find in the
stream coming from Persia, which fulfills its conditions. The second
is the Gihon; it too coming from the land of Cush agrees with the
text. The third, the Hiddekel, all admit to be the modern Tigris and
its connections with Assyria agree well with the record. The fourth
is the Euphrates, which flows as of old. But was there a place called
Eden from which these streams flowed? Turn to Isa. xxxvii., 12, in
the blasphemous letter sent to King Hezekiah by the commander of the
Assyrian army, and among the nations he has destroyed is Eden, which
from its connections with the other nations is supposed to have been
near the junction of the third and fourth rivers. And in the list of
nations trading with Tyre we find Eden connected with the nations in
the same vicinity. See Ezekiel xxiii., 23. Here then, at no great
distance above the Persian Gulf, near 30 degrees north latitude, in
a mild climate on a noble river, we may look for the home of the
progenitors of our race.

  E. H. FISHER.


OVER 2,700 COUNTIES.

  TOPEKA, Kan.

  I have just read a statement in a newspaper that there are 2,400
  counties in the United States, which is doubted. We therefore ask
  THE INTER OCEAN to give us the facts.

  R. E. HINCKLEY.

_Answer._—This is an understatement, since in 1880, according to the
census, there were 2,671 counties in the United States, including the
fifty-nine in Louisiana, locally called parishes. Here is the full
list of States and Territories:

                    No. of
    States.        Counties

  Alabama              66
  Arkansas             75
  California           53
  Colorado             32
  Connecticut           8
  Delaware              3
  Florida              45
  Georgia             137
  Illinois            102
  Indiana              92
  Iowa                 99
  Kansas              113
  Kentucky            117
  Louisiana            59
  Maine                16
  Maryland             24
  Massachusetts        14
  Michigan             82
  Minnesota            86
  Mississippi          75
  Missouri            117
  Nebraska             80
  Nevada               17
  New Hampshire        10
  New Jersey           21
  New York             60
  North Carolina       94
  Ohio                 88
  Oregon               26
  Pennsylvania         67
  Rhode Island          5
  South Carolina       33
  Tennessee            94
  Texas               232
  Vermont              14
  Virginia             99
  West Virginia        54
  Wisconsin            63
                    —————
                    2,472

  Territories.

  Arizona               7
  Dakota               94
  Idaho                13
  Montana              11
  New Mexico           14
  Utah                 27
  Washington           25
  Wyoming               7
  Dis. of Columbia      1
                    —————
    Total           2,671

There have been a number of new counties organized since the census
year, particularly in Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Texas, and other
States and Territories where the settlement of the country is
proceeding most rapidly. There are now about 2,730 counties in the
United States.


CARDINAL WOLSEY.

  _Colfax_, Ind.

  Please give a short biography of Cardinal Wolsey.

  SAMUEL SMITH.

_Answer._—Thomas Wolsey, the wily, skillful statesman and ambitious
Cardinal, whose life was so intimately associated with that of the
profligate king, Henry VIII., studied theology at Oxford, and in
1500, at the age of 29, took holy orders and became the rector at
Lymington. He was introduced into the royal court of Henry VII. as
chaplain, in which office he obtained the confidence of the king,
and was often consulted in important state affairs. His successful
diplomacy at the court of the Emperor Maximilian secured for him,
as a reward, the deanery of Lincoln. When Henry VIII. ascended
the throne he employed Wolsey as his almoner. With the talents of
a skillful diplomat, the ambitious priest obtained an influence
over this monarch even greater than he had previously held over
his royal father. In 1514 he was appointed Archbishop of York, and
in the following year became Lord Chancellor of England. The Pope
was not unmindful of his able supporter, who in the same year that
he became Chancellor was clothed in the resplendent robes of a
cardinal. Four years after he became legate. In the height of his
power he was the virtual sovereign of the kingdom, and in addition
he exercised throughout England and its dependencies, and to some
extent beyond these boundaries, nearly all the prerogatives of the
sovereign pontiff. His income was scarcely surpassed by that of the
king himself. Princes and even monarchs were among the suppliants for
his favor and influential offices. He aspired to sit on the papal
throne, and twice it seemed as if he would realize this aspiration,
but he was defeated through the intrigues and power of Charles V.,
whose elevation to the imperial throne, left vacant by the death of
the Emperor Maximilian, he had opposed in behalf of Henry VIII. His
almost regal power continued until Henry desired to put away his
wife, Catharine, aunt of Charles V., when Wolsey’s dilatoriness in
securing the divorce exasperated the king, and upon his refusing to
sanction Henry’s marriage with Anne Boleyn, he was soon dismissed
in disgrace. He was stripped of all his honors and estates, but
was suffered to retain his episcopal see of Winchester until the
following year, 1530, when a conspiracy against the king’s life
having been discovered, Wolsey was arrested us an abettor. He was on
his way to London to undergo trial on a charge of treason, when he
fell ill and died Nov. 29, 1530, at the Monastery of Leicester. Among
his last words were the following addressed to the Lord Lieutenant
of the Tower: “Master Kyngston, if I had served my God as diligently
as I have done the king, He would not have given me over in my gray
hairs.” As paraphrased by Shakespeare, these last words of the fallen
Cardinal are now immortal.


ALASKA.

  ROCK ISLAND, Ill.

  How does Alaska compare in size with New York State or Illinois;
  and what are its principal natural characteristics?

  A. N. BROWN.

_Answer._—Alaska, according to the report of Ivan Petroff, special
agent of the census of 1880, contains 531,400 square miles. This is
as large as all New England, together with New York, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware, and the following seven grand States west
of the Alleghanies: Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Kentucky, and Tennessee. It is a vast region, 2,200 miles in length
from east to west (measuring to the farthest of the Aleutian
Islands), and 1,400 miles broad. It has a remarkable coast line of
25,000 miles in extent, which is about two and a half times as much
as the sea coast of all the rest of the United States. The islands
of Alaska alone, according to the estimate quoted by Dr. Jackson,
comprise an area of over 31,000 miles, or twice as much as the total
area of Maine. The highest mountains in the United States are in
Alaska: Mount Fairweather, 15,500; Mount Crillon, 15,900: Mount Cook,
16,000, and Mount St. Elias, 19,500. It is remarkable for the number
and stupendous proportions of its glaciers. Says Dr. Jackson: “From
Bute Inlet to Unimak Pass nearly every gulch has its glacier, some of
which are vastly greater and grander than any glacier in the Alps.”
Hot and mineral springs abound. The Yukon River is one of the largest
in the United States, being for the first 1,000 miles from one to
five miles wide with five mouths, forming a delta seventy miles
across. According to Mr. Robert Campbell, of the Hudson’s Bay Fur
Company, including its chief tributary, the Pelly, it is navigable at
certain seasons for nearly 3,000 miles.

Nearly all the sealskins used in the markets of the world come from
two little islands belonging to Alaska. The skins of the sea otter
are also very valuable, and there are many choice land fur-bearing
animals. The waters are wonderfully rich in fish. Besides cod,
“Alaska can supply the world,” says Dr. Jackson, “with salmon,
herring, and halibut of the best quality.” It is also “the great
reserve lumber region of the United States.” There are “thousands
of square miles of yellow cedar, white spruce, hemlock, and balsam
fir that densely cover the southeastern section of Alaska.” Gold and
silver mines of considerable importance have been opened, and there
are indications that the Territory is rich not only in the precious
metals, but in other minerals, especially in iron, copper, and coal.
In the interior the climate along the Yukon is not unlike that of
Dakota. At Fort Yukon the thermometer often rises above 100 degrees
in summer, and indicates from 50 degrees to 70 degrees below zero in
winter. Along the immense southern coast and islands the climate is
moist and warm. At Sitka, according to records kept for forty-five
years, the mean spring temperature is 41.2 degrees; summer, 54.6
degrees; autumn, 44.9 degrees; winter, 32.5 degrees; for the whole
year, 43.3 degrees. “The surprising fact is brought to light,” adds
Dr. Jackson, who takes the above figures from the Alaska Coast Pilot,
“that the winter climate of Southern Alaska for forty-five years past
has been the average winter climate of Kentucky and West Virginia,
and the average summer climate of Minnesota.” The mild climate
of this region is due to the warm Japan current of the Pacific,
the Kuro-Siwo. Generally of Alaska, Mr. William H. Dale, of the
Smithsonian Institution, says: “I come back convinced, from personal
inspection, that Alaska is a far better country than much of Great
Britain and Norway, and even part of Prussia.” The total population
in 1880 is given at 33,426, of whom 430 were white, 1,756 Creole or
mixed races, and the rest Indians—Innuits, 17,617; Aleuts, 2,145;
Thlinkets, 6,763; Hyda, 788, distributed as follows: The whites and
creoles are nearly all in Southeastern Alaska, the Aleutian Islands,
and Kadiak, which is the division including the south coast of the
Alaska Peninsula down to Zakharof Bay, with the adjacent islands,
the Kadiah group, the coast and islands of Cook’s Inlet, the Kenai
Peninsula, the coast of Prince William’s Sound, and valleys of rivers
running into the waters of these coasts. Since the census was taken
the white population has been greatly increased by the influx of gold
miners and speculators. This Territory is still without a regularly
constituted civil government. The laws of the United States “relating
to customs, lumber, and navigation” are extended over it, and the
Collector and Deputy Collectors have authority to arrest persons
violating these laws and send them to Oregon or California to be
tried in United States courts. Otherwise the government is mainly
a provisional one, organized by the people and enforced by general
consent. It is high time that this state of things was ended.


THE AGE OF BENEDICT ARNOLD.

  OGDENSBURG, N. Y.

  What was the true age of Benedict Arnold? No doubt you are aware
  that authors do not agree as to the time of the birth of General
  Arnold. Will you please give us light?

  R. W. J.

_Answer._—It is true that authors differ as to the age of Benedict
Arnold. Appleton’s Cyclopedia says he was born Jan. 3, 1740.
Lossing’s Cyclopedia of History gives the time as Jan. 3, 1741, and
other authorities do not agree. We prefer to adopt the facts given
by the Hon. Isaac N. Arnold, of this city, who has just written and
published what there is good reason to believe is the most carefully
prepared and impartial history of the American arch traitor of
Revolutionary times that has ever appeared. This historian fixes
Arnold’s birth on Jan. 14, 1741, and his death on June 14, 1801, in
London.


METROPOLITAN POLICE.

  WARSAW, Ind.

  In what respect do metropolitan police differ from city police?

  A. B.

_Answer._—Metropolitan police are appointed and supported by the
State or central government, while city police receive their
appointments from the city magistrates. The city of London is guarded
by 11,667 metropolitan policemen and 842 city policemen. At one time
the city of New York was protected by metropolitan police, but for
various reasons, one of which was because it restricted the free
exercise of the spoils system so common with city governments, the
act authorizing the appointment of such police was repealed.


WAS CHRIST BORN IN B. C. 4.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Is it certain that Christ was born four years before the Christian
  era?

  CHICAGO.

_Answer._—All investigations prove conclusively that it is impossible
to determine to the satisfaction of chronologists in general
either the day, month, or year of Christ’s birth. It is almost
universally admitted that this event preceded the commencement of
the Christian era as now reckoned. St. Clement, the earliest of the
“church fathers,” fixes it on Nov. 18 in the twenty-eighth year
of the Emperor Augustus, a little more than two years before the
beginning of our era. Since the death of Herod the Great, according
to Josephus, must have occurred before Easter of B. C. 4, modern
scholars are generally agreed that Christ’s birth could not have been
later than B. C. 4; and there is strong reason to believe that it was
in B. C. 6 or 7. See McClintock and Strong’s “Cyclopedia of Biblical
Literature,” under “Jesus Christ.” As to the day and month of
Christ’s birth the differences are still more difficult to overcome.
Modern investigation is strongly against Christmas, or any day in
mid-winter, as unseasonable either for the shepherds to be watching
their flocks in the fields, or for the congregating of the people
from all parts of the kingdom to be registered and taxed, which was
the occasion of Mary and Joseph’s being at Bethlehem. These two
arguments are used, along with others, by the Biblical scholars who
hold severally to the opinions that the nativity was not earlier in
the year than March, and, one party says, in March, another in April
or May, another in June, and still others in July or August.


GROWTH OF ENGLISH INTEMPERANCE.

  RANTOUL, Ill.

  Is it true that drunkenness continues to increase in England,
  notwithstanding the wonderful success of English and American
  temperance reformers and the large number of total abstainers
  enrolled by the Salvation Army?

  A TEETOTALER.

_Answer._—Whatever the explanation, and whether or not it constitutes
an additional argument for the temperance movement, it is declared
to be a fact that the number of persons charged with drunkenness in
1881 was 1,622 more than the number charged in 1880, being 174,481
to 172,859. Furthermore, according to the excise reports there was
7½ per cent more beer drunk in 1881 than in 1880, the total quantity
being 970,785,564 gallons in a population of 26,000,000, or about
31 gallons for each man, woman, and child. The increase in the
population during the decade of 1871-1881 was 3,256,020, which is
about 1.43 per cent a year, while the increase in drunkenness was
nearly 1 per cent in the last year.


TEMPERANCE IN COMMON SCHOOLS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the text of the bill recently proposed in the Illinois
  state Legislature to require teachers to give instruction in
  temperance? Who introduced it? What are the arguments used in its
  favor?

  A TEACHER.

_Answer._—The following is the bill introduced Jan. 31 in the
General Assembly of this State, by the Hon. Jesse D. Jennings, of
Fayette County: “Be it enacted,” etc., “that they (the directors)
shall direct that elementary instruction be given in physiology
and hygiene, which shall give special prominence to the effects of
alcoholic drinks, stimulants and narcotics upon the human system.
The certificate of qualification held by any person who desires to
teach shall show that satisfactory examination has been passed upon
the effect of alcoholic drinks, stimulants, and narcotics upon the
human system.” The advocates of the bill maintain that, in view of
the admitted evils of intemperance, and particularly the moral and
physical injuries to individuals and society resulting from the use
of alcoholic drinks, stimulants, and narcotics, it is of the highest
practical importance that the youth of the public schools be properly
instructed as to the effects of these insanity engendering poisons.
They say that since the State, for purposes of revenue, and also
professedly with the desire of preventing abuses, has authorized
men and women to publicly offer these poisons for sale, it is
morally bound to warn the youth of the land not to use them except
as medicine, or in the arts, as other poisons are sometimes used.
They hold that those who admit the iniquities of intemperance, but
are opposed to sumptuary legislation, cannot reasonably oppose this
recourse to educational remedies for these appalling evils. If the
law requires road commissioners, when repairing the highways, to hang
out danger lights wherever they open cess-pools and sewers, or make
other perilous chasms in the road, the advocates of this bill argue
that it is the duty of the State licensing the opening of liquor
shops to throw enough light on the traffic to prevent young people
from falling into drunkenness in the dark.


CANADIAN DENOMINATIONAL STATISTICS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

Herewith I hand you the denominational statistics of Canada, as given
in the government returns for 1881. Those recently given in Our
Curiosity Shop, on the authority of Rand, McNally & Co.’s Atlas of
the World, are out of date:

  Roman Catholics         1,791,982
  Methodists                742,981
  Presbyterians             676,155
  Church of England         574,818
  Baptists                  275,291
  Congregationalists         26,900
  All other denominations   236,683
                          —————————
    Total                 4,324,810

  K.


TWO INDIANA TEMPERANCE RESOLUTIONS.

  OREGON, Ill.

  Please give us the temperance planks in the platforms of the
  Indiana Democracy and Indiana Republicans, as adopted in their
  conventions of last summer.

  A PROHIBITIONIST.

_Answer._—The Indiana Democracy met in convention last August: after
wrestling with the few prohibition delegates for a brief moment, they
adopted the following resolution:

“The Democratic party is now, as it has always been, opposed to
all sumptuary legislation, and it is especially opposed to the
proposed amendment to the constitution of Indiana known as the
prohibitory amendment, and we are in favor of the submission of the
proposed amendment, as well as other proposed amendments, to the
people, according to the provisions of the constitution for its
own amendment: and the people have the right to oppose or favor
the adoption of any or all the amendments at all stages of their
consideration, and any submission of constitutional amendment to
a vote of the people should be at a time and under circumstances
most favorable to a full vote, and therefore should be at a general
election.” The Republicans, several days later, on Aug. 9, adopted
this resolution: “The Republican party resolves that reposing trust
in the people as the fountain of power, we demand that the pending
amendments to the constitution shall be agreed to and submitted by
the next Legislature to the voters of the State for their decision
thereon. These amendments were not partisan in their origin, and
are not so in character, and should not be made so in voting upon
them. Recognising the fact that the people are divided in sentiment
in regard to the propriety of their adoption or rejection, and
cherishing the right of private judgment, we favor the submission
of these amendments to a special election, so that there may be an
intelligent decision thereon, uninfluenced by partisan issues.”


PASSION PLAYS.

  BERLIN, Wis.

  What is the origin and history of the “Passion Play,” of which we
  hear so much lately?

  F. PECK.

_Answer._—This recent dramatical representation of the passion of
Christ claims its origin and justification in sentiments akin to
those which it is said inspired the old religious dramas, known as
“Moralities,” or “Miracle Plays.” The first composition of this
nature is ascribed to Ezekiel, a Jew, who, in the third century,
adapted the story of Israel’s exodus from Egypt to the Grecian stage.
His object was to arouse the patriotism of his exiled and despondent
countrymen and excite in them a hope for the re-establishment of
their kingdom in Palestine. In the fourth century, St. Gregory
Nazianzen, the Bishop of Constantinople, having noticed the effect of
the Grecian drama upon the people, concluded that the readiest method
of extending the church of Christ was the dramatic presentation of
the sufferings of its author, which he accomplished in the drama
entitled “The Passion of Christ.” When the barbarians made their
inroads into Southern Europe, and the church began to extend its
influence northward into the lands of the Germans, Normans, and
Saxons, it found great difficulty in coping with the fascination
which the heathen festivals and performances exercised over the
uneducated minds of the people. In order to obviate this trouble,
miracle plays were introduced. Adapting the drama to the surrounding
circumstances, many of the heathen characters, slightly changed, were
retained. The play was supplied with humor by the artful caprices of
the impersonated devil. In one representation “Judas, assisted by the
devil, who sits upon the scaffold, hangs himself. When the hanging
is complete both slide down to hell on a slanting rope.” Soon after
the Reformation the miracle plays began to decline, and now they are
performed in only a few places, mostly in Southern Bavaria and the
Tyrol. The passion play of Oberammergau is famed the world over, and
attracts an immense concourse of visitors from all lands whenever it
is presented. In 1633 the flax in that neighborhood became diseased
and unfit for the spindle. To prevent the recurrence of any such
calamity the Oberammergau peasants made a vow to God that every ten
years they would present the sufferings of Christ upon the stage
in this way. This vow was kept until the beginning of the present
century, when the further performance of the play was prohibited.
Thereupon the peasants appealed to King Maximilian, who granted
them permission to continue their celebrations, providing certain
objectionable features were removed. This was agreed to, and in 1811
the drama, written by Pastor Weise, was first presented devoid of the
devil and comic personages. The gospel story commences with Christ’s
triumphal entry into Jerusalem, and closes with a scene previous to
the ascension. In a practical manner, the plot is developed. The
money changers are driven from the temple in anger. Judas smarts
under the rebuke which he received at the home of Lazarus. They
meet and plan the betrayal resulting in the crucifixion. The part
of Christ is impersonated by a peasant. The ignorant inhabitants
still regard these plays as the most impressive and effective method
of teaching the gospel and various moralities. The claim that the
passion play now occupying so much of the public attention was
inspired by religious motives is rejected by the public generally,
and is ridiculed by the press. There is an all but unanimous feeling
of opposition in England and in this country to having the passion of
the Savior, the solemn tragedy of Calvary, mimicked on the stage by
ordinary stage performers. This feeling led the late Mayor Grace, of
New York City, to refuse to license the presentation of the play in
that city, and his successor, Mayor Edson, has taken the same stand.
Salmi Morse, the manager, threatens to test the legality of this
interdiction. Such is the attitude of this matter at present.


RATIO OF BEEF TO LIVE WEIGHT.

  ROGERS PARK, Ill.

  What is the proportion of good meat in a well-fed beef animal
  compared with its live weight?

  A CONSUMER.

_Answer._—Sixty pounds of dressed beef for each 100 pounds of live
weight is considered a fair average, and indicates that the animal
was of good stock in first-rate marketable condition. Of course
the choice cuts, consisting of the ribs, sirloin and rump steak,
constitute only about half of this. So that an animal which weighs
1,000 pounds live weight will produce but about 600 pounds of dressed
meat, of which the choice cuts will amount to about 310 pounds and
the “coarse meat” to 290 pounds.


NAMES OF CERTAIN BLOOD RELATIVES.

  GROVE CITY, Ill.

  What relation are children of first cousins? What relation is a
  child to its parents’ first cousin?

  V. T. HOUSTON.

_Answer._—The children of first cousins are second cousins. A’s child
is “first cousin removed” to A’s first cousin, while he is second
cousin to the son or daughter of A’s first cousin.


FINDING LATITUDE AT SEA.

  GARRISON, Iowa.

Referring to the explanation of the method of determining latitude
by observations on the pole star, given in a recent issue of Our
Curiosity Shop, I venture to submit the following indication of the
common method by which sailors ascertain their latitude at sea.
It is true that latitude may be determined by means of a carefully
observed altitude of the polar star, providing the apparent time of
observation can be ascertained within a few minutes. This method
might frequently be used at sea when the horizon is well defined if
the star were of the first magnitude; but being only of the second
or third it is difficult to determine the altitude with certainty.
For this reason the usual method of finding the latitude at sea is by
taking the altitude of the sun when on the meridian. The latitude of
a place, being its distance from the equator, is measured by the arc
of the meridian contained between the zenith and the equator; hence,
if the distance of the sun from the zenith when on the meridian and
the declination be given the latitude is easily determined.

  B. F. HUSSEY.


AUTHORS, EDITORS, AND MANUSCRIPTS.

  MT. HOPE, Kan.

  Kindly explain the editorial rules governing the receipt and
  treatment of manuscript offered for publication, whether intended
  for newspapers, periodicals, or books. Suppose, too, that an author
  should send the manuscript of a book to a publisher on the promise
  that it would be returned if not accepted, how long ought it to
  be before he should be notified of its receipt and acceptance or
  rejection?

  W. S. W.

_Answer._—There is no definite general rule for these matters beyond
the common understanding that the editor must attend first of all to
the regular routine of his office, and manuscript must wait, until he
has time to read it. In the case of contributions to a periodical,
it is understood unless contributors specifically request the return
of their contributions and inclose postage stamps for this purpose,
that the editor, if he does not use them, is at liberty to consign
them to the waste basket. It is not unusual for contributions to
literary magazines and standard reviews to lie on the editors’ tables
for a month or six weeks before the verdict “accepted” or “rejected”
is pronounced. A glance at a contribution, even the mere subject,
indicates to the editor whether the article is likely to suffer by
delay. Stories and many other contributions will keep; current news
and kindred matters will not. These manuscripts must be read at once;
those must wait; and how long, only the editor is in the position to
determine. Even after articles are accepted the same law prevails,
and the circumstances of each particular issue determine what is to
be used and what “held over.” It frequently happens that editorials
which have cost the editor serious labor, and are actually in type,
are crowded out by unexpected events which must take precedence,
and are held back by a succession of such events until too stale to
be used, and the writer is forced to write “kill” over against the
children of his own heart and brain. Many a disgusted contributor
would feel less mortified and indignant at the rejection of his
offering if he could understand all the circumstances of the case.
The contribution rejected to-day might have been gladly accepted
had it come a day sooner. An article accepted yesterday and paid
for, perhaps never appears; why, only the editor can explain.
Even champagne tastes flat after it has stood a few moments;
witticisms are still-born if not ushered in at the right instant.
The book-publisher is subject to similar influences, but not in the
same degree as the editor of a newspaper or review. But many a book
manuscript has been rejected because out of season. Many another has
been rejected because the writer was impatient and the editor, rather
than keep him in such a mood and unwilling to take the responsibility
of publishing what he had not read with critical care, has relieved
himself by returning it “with thanks.” It is no slight matter for
an editor to read and so digest a book, in which the publisher is
asked to invest from $1,000 to $5,000, as to enable him to pronounce
a favorable judgment with confidence. Of course long and carefully
prepared manuscripts, especially books, are entitled to more
consideration than ordinary newspaper contributions; and should never
be destroyed until the authors have been courteously notified that
they are not wanted, and have had ample time to send for them. In the
supposed case of the above question, acknowledgment of receipt of the
book manuscript should have been mailed as soon as it came to hand,
unless it was received by express or as registered mail matter, and
from thirty to sixty days, according to the length and nature of the
book would not be too long to grant the editor or publisher before
expecting a decision. Except in special cases, editors of newspapers
do not receipt by mail for contributions sent to them.


RAILROAD MILEAGE.

  OSHKOSH, Wis.

  Please give a few statistics in reference to railroad construction
  in the United States and in the more important foreign countries.

  W. L. FROST.

_Answer._—The number of miles of railroad in the world constructed
prior to Jan. 1, 1881, was 226,442, of which sum 93,671 miles
were within the United States. Germany had built 21,037 miles;
Great Britain and Ireland, 17,696; France, 15,287; Russia, 13,571;
Austria-Hungary, 11,471; British India, 8,615; Canada, 6,891; Italy,
4,999, and Spain, 4,264. During the year 1881 the railway mileage of
this country increased to 104,813 miles, to which the year 1882 added
10,821 miles, making a grand total of 115,634 miles. To build these
great highways and properly equip them about $5,750,000,000 have been
expended. Iowa during the past year took the lead, having constructed
953.37 miles, and Texas followed close after with 817 miles of new
road.


A FEW AMERICAN WORTHIES.

  MANSON, Iowa.

  Please name five or more of the greatest of the following classes
  of Americans: Orators, poets, historians, inventors.

  GEORGE BELL.

_Answer._—Any answer to such a question is largely a matter of
personal opinion. Among political orators Patrick Henry, James Otis,
Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, Thomas Pike, Sergeant Smith Prentiss,
John C. Calhoun stand among the most illustrious. As to pulpit
orators, it would be invidious to name one without designating at
least fifty who are evidently of the same rank. Our great poets have
not been many. First among them have been and still are, as regards
fame, William Cullen Bryant, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, George
Denison Prentice, and Nathaniel P. Willis. Whittier, T. Buchanan
Read, Holmes. Lowell, Miller, Holland, Saxe, Morris, Mrs. Sigourney,
are poets not soon to be forgotten. Irving, Sparks, Prescott,
Bancroft, are among our most eminent historians. Fulton, inventor
of the steamboat; Morse, inventor of the first practical electric
telegraph; Whitney, inventor of the cotton-gin, and Howe, inventor
of the first successful sewing machine, are among the first of the
ten thousand American inventors who have done the world noteworthy
service. Edison and several hundred other inventors, who have
improved upon the inventions of their predecessors until they have
doubled, trebled, and in some instances quadrupled their value to the
world, are quite as worthy to be remembered.


RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.

  OSHKOSH, Wis.

  Give us the total amount of public lands granted by the United
  States to aid in the construction of railways, and oblige a
  subscriber.

  W. L. FROST.

_Answer._—The table below shows the total land grants made by the
United States down to 1880, as given in “The West in 1880.”

  States and                Acres       Acres
    Corporations.          Granted.   Certified.

  Illinois                2,595,053   2,595,053
  Missouri                2,985,160   1,828,005
  Iowa                    6,795,527   3,940,270
  Michigan                4,712,480   3,328,987
  Wisconsin               4,808,486   2,672,803
  Minnesota               9,992,041   6,925,351
  Kansas                  9,370,000   3,851,536
  Pacific Railroad      159,486,766   8,831,687
                        ———————————  ——————————
    Total               215,203,807  42,847,403

These grants, amounting in the aggregate to 215,203,807 acres, or
over 355,000 square miles, are only about 6,000 miles less in area
than all the original thirteen States of the Union taken together,
and is more than 60 per cent greater than the total area of the
German Empire. Fortunately for the country, a number of these grants
have been forfeited; yet, as above shown, 42,847,403 acres, or more
than the total area of England and Wales together, had been actually
certified to the States and roads named before June 30, 1879; and
many acres have been certified since that time. The exact amount
down to date is not yet published. To avoid taxation, the railroads
entitled to public lands delay taking their certificates until the
settlement of the country and opportunity for selling make it to
their interest to do so. A large amount of the land covered by the
above grants will be certified to the grantees on demand.


POPULATION OF THE GLOBE.

  UNIONVILLE, Iowa.

  Please state in Our Curiosity Shop the estimated present population
  of the world. Also, the population of the United States according
  to the revised census of 1880.

  A. J. R.

_Answer._—The population of the entire globe is still far from being
definitely determined. Hardly two original investigators agree. In
this country the estimates of Drs. Behm and Wagner are generally
accepted as the most reliable, yet their latest figures differ from
those of two years before by upward of 22,000,000. Then they stated
the population of the entire globe at 1,455,923,500, whereas now they
state it at 1,433,887,500, distributed as follows:

  Europe                    327,743,400
  Asia                      795,591,000
  Africa                    205,823,200
  America                   100,415,400
  Australia and Polynesia     4,232,000
  Polar regions                  82,500

One might infer from this that instead of increasing, as would
be naturally expected, the human race is dying out: but closer
inspection shows that the estimate of the population of China has
been reduced about 55,000,000. Accepting this and all the other
estimates, there seems to be an increase in other countries of about
33,000,000; part of which is due to the fact that the geographers had
the benefit of the census takers in different countries in 1880 and
1881, showing the growth of five to ten years. The total population
of the United States in 1880, according to the revised census, is
50,155,783.


DRINKING FROM SKULLS.

  BURLINGTON, Iowa.

  What is the origin of the expression “A soldier’s drinking cup,” as
  applied to a human skull?

  WM. A. T.

_Answer._—Thomas Middleton was a dramatic writer who flourished in
the early part of the seventeenth century. In “The Witch,” one of his
most celebrated plays, when “the Duke” takes a bowl and is told that
it is a skull, he exclaims:

                  “Call it a soldier’s cup;
    Our Duchess, I know, will pledge us, tho’ the cup
    Was once her father’s head, which, as a trophy,
    We’ll keep till death.”

The barbarous custom of converting the skulls of enemies into
drinking cups was a common one in ancient times among the fierce
tribes of Northern Europe; and was not unknown to the more civilized
regions of the South. The Italian poet, Marino, makes a conclave of
friends in Pandemonium quaff wine from the skull of Minerva. In his
“Wonder of a Kingdom,” Torrent makes Dakker say:

    “Would I had ten thousand soldiers’ heads,
     Their skulls set all in silver, to drink healths
     To his confusion who first invented war.”

The old Scandinavian sagas represent as among the delights of the
immortals the felicity of feasting and drinking to drunkenness from
the skulls of the foes they had vanquished on earth. Mandeville goes
further, and represents the Guebres as exposing the dead bodies of
their parents to the fowls of the air until nothing but the skeletons
remained, and preserving the skulls to be used in a spirit of
devotion as drinking cups.


GENERAL WILLIAM W. AVERELL.

  ETNA, Mo.

  Give a short sketch of General Averell.

  M. M. SHANES.

_Answer._—General William W. Averell was born in the State of New
York in 1830. At the age of 25 he graduated at West Point, and
began his military career as Lieutenant of mounted riflemen on the
Western frontier. In the rebellion he took an active part in the
battles of Bull Run, Yorktown, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, Malvern Hill,
Fredericksburg, Kelly’s Ford, Opequan, Fisher’s Hill, and various
other engagements in West Virginia, Tennessee, and the Shenandoah
Valley, at the same time being successively brevetted Major,
Lieutenant Colonel, Colonel, Brigadier General, and Major General, U.
S. A. In 1865 he resigned, and in the following year represented the
United States as Consul General in Canada. Afterward he retired to
accept the Presidency of a manufacturing company in New York.


PRINCE GORTSCHAKOFF AND THE UNION.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What was the action of the late Prince Gortschakoff during our
  civil war that is alluded to in the recent obituary notices of that
  diplomat as a reason for the gratitude of Americans?

  O. N. ADAMS.

_Answer._—Prince Alexander M. Gortschakoff, who was at that time the
Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs, when invited, at a critical
time in the history of our civil war, to associate Russia with
England and France in their unfriendly attitude toward the United
States, involving, among other things, a proposition to recognize the
independence of the Southern Confederacy, positively declined. The
following extract from one of his state papers at that juncture shows
his disposition toward this country, which he quickly emphasized by
dispatching a Russian fleet to New York as a proof of his friendship
and sincerity; an act which greatly alarmed and disconcerted both
England and France, since many of their politicians jumped to the
inference that there was a secret treaty of alliance between the two
countries, and that in case of a rupture Russia would openly take
sides with the United States. These are the words of the dispatch
alluded to, and Americans should not soon forget them:

“The North American Republic not only presents itself to us as an
indispensable element of the international balance of power, but,
besides that, it is a Nation toward which our most august Emperor
and the whole of Russia have always had a most friendly disposition,
because both countries are in the ascendant period of their
development, and seemed called to a natural unity of interests and
sympathies, proofs of which have already been given on both sides.”


WOOD USED AS FUEL.

  MOLINE, Ill.

  How does the amount of wood used as fuel in Illinois compare with
  the quantity used in Pennsylvania, New York State, Iowa, and
  Kansas? State the average for each inhabitant, and tell the average
  price of such fuel in each of these States, so far as the market
  prices can be ascertained.

  D. MORGAN.

_Answer._—The extent to which wood is used as fuel in the United
States, and the estimated value of the same, are among the subjects
investigated by the present Census Bureau. The special agent in
charge of this investigation estimates that there were 32,375,000
persons in the United States in 1880 using wood as fuel for domestic
purposes, consuming 140,537,439 cords, valued at $306,950,040.
Besides this, there were about five and a quarter million cords
consumed for other purposes, making a total of nearly three hundred
and twenty-two million cords, as follows:

      Uses.                            Cords.            Value.
  Domestic use                       140,537,439      $306,950,040
  Railroads                            1,971,813         5,126,714
  Steamboats                             787,862         1,872,083
  In mining and amalgamating
    precious metal                       358,074         2,874,593
  Other mining operations                266,771           673,692
  Manufacture of brick and tile        1,157,522         3,978,331
  Manufacture of salt                    540,448           421,681
  Manufacture of wool                    158,208           425,239
                                     ———————————      ————————————
      Grand total                    145,778,137      $321,962,273

The amount of wood used for domestic purposes is given by States as
follows:

    States.                Cords.        Value.

  Alabama                6,076,754    $8,727,377
  Arizona                  170,017       724,572
  Arkansas               3,922,400     5,095,821
  California             1,748,062     7,693,731
  Colorado                 426,719     1,638,783
  Connecticut              525,639     2,371,532
  Dakota                   422,948     2,028,300
  Delaware                 177,306       751,311
  District of Columbia      26,902        80,706
  Florida                  609,046     1,230,412
  Georgia                5,910,045     8,279,245
  Idaho                     09,910       383,689
  Illinois               5,200,104    14,136,662
  Indiana                7,059,874    13,334,729
  Iowa                   4,090,649    14,611,280
  Kansas                 2,095,438     7,328,723
  Kentucky               7,994,813    13,313,220
  Louisiana              1,944,858     4,607,415
  Maine                  1,215,881     4,078,137
  Maryland               1,152,910     3,170,941
  Massachusetts            890,041     4,613,263
  Michigan               7,838,904    13,197,240
  Minnesota              1,669,568     5,873,421
  Mississippi            5,090,758     7,145,116
  Missouri               4,016,373     8,633,465
  Montana                  119,947       460,638
  Nebraska                 908,188     3,859,843
  Nevada                   155,276       972,712
  New Hampshire            567,719     1,964,669
  New Jersey               642,598     2,787,216
  New Mexico               169,946     1,063,360
  New York              11,290,975    37,599,364
  North Carolina         7,434,690     9,019,569
  Ohio                   8,191,543    16,492,574
  Oregon                   482,254     1,254,511
  Pennsylvania           7,361,962    15,067,651
  Rhode Island             154,953       706,011
  South Carolina         3,670,959    11,505,997
  Tennessee              8,084,611    10,674,722
  Texas                  4,883,852    10,177,311
  Utah                     171,923       418,289
  Vermont                  782,338     2,509,189
  Virginia               5,416,112    10,404,134
  Washington               184,226       499,904
  West Virginia          2,241,069     3,374,701
  Wisconsin              7,206,126    11,863,739
  Wyoming                   40,218       224,848

From the above data we have prepared the following table showing the
average number of cords consumed for domestic purposes only (stated
in cords and hundredths of a cord), the average price per cord, and
total consumption for each man, woman, and child in each of the
States named in the above question:

                     Cords   Value     Cost
                      per     per       per
  States.           capita.  cord.    capita.

  In Pennsylvania    1.72    $2.05    $3.52
  In New York        2.22     3.32     7.37
  In Illinois        1.70     2.27     4.90
  In Iowa            2.45     3.57     8.75
  In Kansas          2.14     3.50     7.49

According to this exhibit the effect of the marvelous coal fields
of Pennsylvania and Illinois on the consumption and price of wood is
very apparent and significant. The above does not include the wood
converted into charcoal, of which there were 74,008,972 bushels,
valued at $5,276,736, consumed in the production of iron and the
precious metals in the twenty largest cities of the Union; which does
not cover probably half the entire amount used in this country.


LARGEST AMERICAN LOCOMOTIVES.

  KEOKUK, Iowa.

  What is the weight of the largest locomotive engine; and what is
  the number of its drive wheels?

  READER.

_Answer._—This question was referred to Messrs. Burnham, Parry,
Williams & Co., of the Baldwin Locomotive Works, and their reply in
full is subjoined:

“Replying to your favor of the 8th inst., we may say that there
has been considerable activity of late in the construction of very
large locomotives, the most approved railroad practice having
changed materially within the past few years with respect to the
weight of the engines employed. We have recently built some very
heavy locomotives for the Northern Pacific Railroad, which weigh,
in working order, exclusive of the tender, about 115,000 pounds.
The tenders with coal and water weigh about 65,000 pounds each,
additional, making the total weight of engine and tender some ninety
net tons. These engines have cylinders 20x24 inches.

The Central Pacific Railroad Company have recently built in their
Sacramento shops some very heavy locomotives with four pairs of
driving wheels coupled and a leading four-wheeled truck, which weigh
in working order, exclusive of the tender, about 123,000 pounds.
The weight of the tender, with coal and water, is about 65,000
pounds, making the total net weight of the engine and tender some
ninety-three net tons. These engines have cylinders nineteen inches
in diameter and thirty inches stroke, and are probably at this time
the heaviest engines in use in this country.”


BUTTER PRODUCT OF A GOOD COW.

  PEORIA, Ill.

  1. What may be fairly regarded as the average annual butter product
  of a good class of dairy cows? 2. Is not $50 an exorbitant price to
  pay for an average cow?

  YOUNG HOUSEKEEPER.

_Answer._—Of course the butter product depends on the kind of stock,
the pasturage and winter feed, the care of the cattle, and the skill
and industry of the butter-maker. The following statement of Mr.
Wm. Guinter, of Twin Grove, Wis., shows the average annual product
of butter realized by him from six cows, together with the average
value of this product: “I have kept a strict account for one year
of the income from six cows. I have sold 1,185 pounds of butter,
and counting four pounds a week of cream and butter for family use
of four persons, increases the total product to 1,393 pounds. The
highest price received per pound was 38 cents, and the lowest was
16 cents, making an average of 26 cents. The whole amount realized,
then, was $362.18, or $60.36 a cow. I have my cows come in fresh
in the fall on account of making a better quality of butter and
getting a better price. I keep them in good condition all winter:
feed chopped corn and oats and all the clover hay they want. Feed
about three quarts of chop twice a day to each cow. My cows are only
the common grade. I have clover pastures, but never turn cattle in
till the first or middle of May, so as to let it get a good start,
and then the pasture will be good all summer. Some of my neighbors
ask: ‘Do you think it pays?’ I do it whether it pays or not: but I
think it does. You can’t expect a great yield of milk from straw
and dry cornstalks. What stock you keep, keep well. It will pay.”
2. Obviously the value of a good milch cow depends somewhat on the
locality. A cow is worth more in the immediate neighborhood of a
good market than in a region remote from such a market. With the
above average product of a good cow, in pounds, to guide one, every
intelligent person can form a judgment as to whether it will be
profitable for him, taking the price of butter and feed in his own
market, to pay $50, or more or less, for a good cow.


VACCINATING IMMIGRANTS.

  WASHINGTON, Ill.

  Is it true that there are government physicians who examine all
  immigrants from Europe and compel them to submit to revaccination
  before they allow them to pass certain stations? If so, by what
  authority is this done?

  A DOUBTER.

_Answer._—The best answer to these questions is contained in the
reports of the supervising inspectors of the National Board of
Health, under whose authority, conferred by an act of Congress, the
examination, or inspection, of immigrants entering the United States
and traveling therein is conducted. The report of the Supervising
Inspector of the Western District, Dr. John H. Rauch, Springfield,
Ill., dated Nov. 10, 1882, shows that in this district there were
94,839 immigrants inspected between June 1 and Oct. 31, 1882, of whom
17,195, with or without their consent, were vaccinated, as the case
seemed in the judgment of the assistant inspectors to call for:

                                 Number         Number
    Stations.                 inspected.    vaccinated.
  Pitts. Ft. W. & Chi. R. R.     17,347          2,539
  Lake S. & M. S. R. R.          14,011          2,285
  Mich. C. R. R.                 22,330          6,145
  Grand Trunk R. R.               9,356          1,875
  Balt. & Ohio R. R.             10,688          2,348
  Indianapolis                   13,746          1,635
  St. Louis                       7,361            368
                                 ——————         ——————
      Total                      94,839         17,195

Cases of small-pox found on the trains by the inspectors are removed
to small-pox hospitals. There were seven such cases in October, 1882,
in the Western District.


BRIDGES AND RHYTHMIC VIBRATION.

  ST. PAUL., Minn.

  Does music weaken metallic or other bridges? If so, please explain
  why.

  A. M. G.

_Answer._—Measured vibrations are more trying to any kind of
bridges, and particularly to suspension bridges, than irregular
agitation. Music alone would not strain a bridge enough to injure
it materially; but a regiment of troops keeping step to music when
crossing a suspension bridge would subject it to a very severe
strain. Consequently it is customary to stop the music before troops
reach the bridge, and let the men break step, and march more or less
irregularly. The reason of all this is obvious. The structure will
naturally suffer least strain when at rest. When in uniform motion
the bridge acquires a momentum equal to its entire suspended weight
multiplied by the velocity of the motion. It is manifest that, in the
case of a heavy structure, a uniform downward vibration, be it ever
so small, would develop a momentum of many tons in the direction of a
breaking strain. The same disturbing forces acting irregularly, so as
to counteract one another, would be far less trying to the structure.


THE FRANCO-GERMAN WAR.

  VANDALIA, Ill.

  Please give us the principal dates in the Franco-Prussian War.

  T. M. K.

_Answer._—The Franco-Prussian war was formally declared, on the
part of France, July 19, 1870. The South German States, since
then incorporated with Prussia and the other North German States
in what is now called the German Empire, soon took sides and
the Franco-Prussian war became the Franco-German war. On Sept.
1 the Emperor Napoleon surrendered his sword at Sedan. The war
was protracted through the winter by the obstinate resistance of
Paris, but the German army entered the city on Feb. 28, 1871, and
ratifications of the preliminary treaty of peace were exchanged March
3. The severest fighting was over, and France was virtually at the
mercy of Germany at the end of the first four months.


NATIONAL DEBTS OF FRANCE AND GREAT BRITAIN.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Which is the greater, the present national debt of France or that
  of Great Britain?

  J. C. C.

_Answer._—The present national debt of France is considerably larger
than the national debt of Great Britain. On Jan. 1, 1879, the former
was £794,481,439, and it has increased since then. On March 31, 1881,
the latter was £768,703,692.


THE LEANING TOWER OF PISA.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  In what city is the great belfry spoken of as “the leaning tower?”
  When was it built; and was it purposely constructed to lean as it
  does?

  S. L.

_Answer._—You probably refer to what is known as “the leaning tower
of Pisa,” in one of the oldest and most famous cities of Italy.
It is a campanile, or bell tower, commenced in 1174, by Bonannus
of Pisa, and William of Innsbruck. It is cylindrical in shape, 50
feet in diameter, 179 feet high, and leans about 13 feet out of
perpendicular. It is divided into eight stories, each having an
exterior colonnade, or gallery. The top is reached by 330 steps. It
was not purposely built to lean. The foundation settled more on one
side than on the other until it reached the present inclination,
which it has maintained with scarcely any perceptible increase for
hundreds of years. The defect in the foundation was discovered before
its completion, and the upper part of the structure was built in a
manner to counteract in part the inclination; and the grand chime of
bells, seven in number, of which the largest alone weighs 12,000
pounds, is mounted with reference to counteract this fault still
further. This magnificent tower is justly regarded as one of the
wonders of the world.


VIRGINIA STATE DEBT.

  OXFORD, Iowa.

  What proportion of the State debt of Virginia do the “Readjusters”
  intend to repudiate? What part of it was created during the late
  civil war? Is the State really unable to pay its creditors? Give a
  few of the chief features of this Virginia debt controversy.

  F. G. A.

_Answer._—The whole of the Virginia State debt was contracted before
the war, for railroads, canals, turnpikes, and public buildings,
including penal and charitable institutions. Of course any debts
made in aid of the rebellion were wiped out by section 4 of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the United States. On
Jan. 1, 1861, the State owed $33,248,141.63. On Jan. 1, 1870, owing
to non-payment of interest during the intervening ten years, the
debt had accumulated to $45,660,348. The constitutions of Virginia
and West Virginia (the latter of which had been constructed out of
Virginia during the war) both provided for an equitable apportionment
of this joint indebtedness; but the two States have never agreed on a
division. In March, 1871, the State of Virginia passed an act to set
aside one-third of the debt to West Virginia, which contained about
one-fifth of the population and one-third of the territory of the
original State and a trifling proportion of the public improvements
for which the debt was created, and to give the bondholders new bonds
payable in thirty-four years with 6 per cent interest annually, and
certificates promising that the payment of the remaining one-third
would be provided for in accordance with such settlement as should
thereafter be made with West Virginia. This left as the debt of the
present State of Virginia $29,614,793 (report of Second Auditor,
1881). The State’s creditors hastened to exchange old evidences of
indebtedness for the new bonds, which went forward rapidly until
about two-thirds of the whole were refunded, when, a majority of
Readjusters having been elected to the Legislature, the process of
refunding was stopped. The old bonds left outstanding by this sudden
change of policy constitute what is known as the “Peeler debt.” The
interest coupons on the new bonds were “receivable for taxes and
all dues and demands against the State,” and have been honored, but
the interest on the Peeler debt has been paid only in part. In 1879
the creditors proposed the exchange of the bonds then outstanding
for new bonds bearing 3 per cent interest for ten years, 4 per cent
for twenty years, and 5 per cent for ten years, making an average
of 4 per cent. The total principal of the debt at this time was
$29,367,958.06. Accordingly the “McCulloch bill” was passed, binding
the State to this settlement: and bonds to the amount of $8,000,000
were issued under this law. Senator Johnston, in an article in the
_North American Review_ setting forth the above facts, claims that,
had the law been faithfully executed, the surplus revenue of 1879,
after paying interest on all the State’s indebtedness and all State
expenses of the government and the public schools, would have been
more than $400,000, which would have gone to pay off so much of the
principal.

Senator Riddleberger, in his reply to Mr. Johnston, in the _North
American Review_ for April, 1882, declares that instead of there
being any surplus in the State Treasury at the close of 1879, the
Readjusters found, on their accession to power, Jan. 1, 1880, “a
great mass of the proposed McCulloch tax-receivable certificates
ready for issue. They were forced to borrow money to run the
government. Half a million of money, due by defaulting treasurers,
was uncollected and unsued for. Over $1,500,000 had been diverted
from the schools. The charitable institutions of the State were on
the verge of bankruptcy.” Nevertheless, the boast of the Virginia
press, that the mining, manufacturing, and agricultural resources
of the State are developing more rapidly than before the war, is
generally believed to be true; the crops of the six principal cereals
and potatoes, tobacco, and hay in 1881 amounted to $44,280,690,
and the live stock to $33,538,877; the taxable value of property,
real and personal, even at the low assessment prevailing, is
given at $308,455,135: facts which lead the world to believe that
Virginia is perfectly able to pay her debt. Taking the total debt
under the McCulloch bill at what Senator Mahone placed it at the
time of the passage of the bill, the annual interest would have
amounted to not quite $990,000, which, added to $565,000 for
public schools and arrearages, and $765,000 for current expenses
of the State Government, would make but $2,320,000. That same year
the net revenue, if faithfully collected, would have amounted to
$2,606,425.36, so that there would have been a remainder of $286,500
to apply as a sinking fund. Since then the Riddleberger bill has
become a law, and the debt has been scaled down to about $20,000,000,
instead of about $33,000,000, which is nearly what it would be had
the McCulloch law been carried out. As there is no provision for
the payment of the $15,239,370 set over to West Virginia, and which
the latter repudiates on the ground that she has offsets to all her
proportion of the original debt, it appears that the total loss to
the State’s creditors, adding the accrued interest on the latter
amount, is over $36,000,000, or fully 80 per cent of the amount
conceded by the act of 1871 to be the total sum then due them.


POINTS OF A GOOD SHOT-GUN.

  FOURCHE, D. T.

  What are the essentials of a good shot-gun? Name several prime
  quality guns.

  H. M. EASTMAN.

_Answer._—The following, in the opinion of skilled manufacturers and
practiced sportsmen of this city, are essentials of a first-class
shot-gun. The barrel should be of laminated or Damascus steel or
stub-twist (the former being generally preferred), and full choke or
modified choke bore. A taper bore is also highly esteemed. Length of
barrel, 28 to 32 inches; bore, 10 to 12 gauge. The gun should be a
breech-loader, with rebounding lock and extension rib. Pistol grip,
patent fore-end are points insisted on by some, although they are
hardly to be classed as essentials. The front action or bar lock is a
feature of many of the best guns. Among English guns the Greener and
Scott stand very high; among Belgian, Charles Daly; among American,
Parker, Colt, Remington, Nichols & Lefevre, and Baker; and in the
Northwest, the Abby gun, manufactured in this city, is a favorite.
Good English guns range from $350 to $400. Good American guns with
English barrels may be had at prices ranging from $200 to $300.


WEALTH OF THE UNITED STATES PER CAPITA.

  WOODLAWN, Mo.

  Please give the wealth of each State, together with the wealth per
  capita.

  READER.

_Answer._—The following statistics represent the amount of taxable
property, real and personal in each State and Territory, and also the
amount per capita.

                             Total.     Per capita.

  Maine                   $235,978,716    362.09
  New Hampshire            164,755,181    474.81
  Vermont                   86,806,755    261.24
  Massachusetts          1,584,756,802    888.77
  Rhode Island             252,536,673    913.23
  Connecticut              327,177,385    525.41
  New York               2,651,940,000    521.74
  New Jersey               572,518,361    506.06
  Pennsylvania           1,683,459,016    393.08
  Delaware                  59,951,643    408.92
  Maryland                 497,307,675    533.07
  District of Columbia      99,401,787    845.08
  Virginia                 308,455,135    203.92
  West Virginia            139,622,705    225.75
  North Carolina           156,100,202    111.52
  South Carolina           153,560,135    154.24
  Georgia                  239,472,599    155.82
  Florida                   30,938,309    114.80
  Alabama                  122,867,228     97.32
  Mississippi              110,628,129     97.76
  Louisiana                160,162,439    170.39
  Texas                    320,364,515    201.26
  Arkansas                  86,409,364    176.71
  Kentucky                 350,563,971    212.63
  Tennessee                211,778,538    137.30
  Ohio                   1,534,360,508    479.77
  Indiana                  727,815,131    367.89
  Illinois                 786,616,394    255.24
  Michigan                 517,666,359    316.23
  Wisconsin                438,971,751    333.69
  Iowa                     398,671,251    245.39
  Minnesota                258,028,687    330.48
  Missouri                 532,795,801    245.72
  Kansas                   160,891,689    161.52
  Nebraska                  90,585,782    200.23
  Colorado                  74,471,693    383.22
  Nevada                    29,291,459    470.40
  Oregon                    52,522,084    300.52
  California               584,578,036    676.05
  Arizona                    9,270,214    229.23
  Dakota                    20,321,530    150.33
  Idaho                      6,440,876    197.51
  Montana                   18,609,802    475.23
  New Mexico                11,363,406     95.04
  Utah                      24,775,279    172.09
  Washington                23,810,603    316.98
  Wyoming                   13,621,829    655.24
                       ———————————————    ——————
      Total            $16,902,993,543    337.00


THE OLDEST HISTORIANS.

  FOURCHE, D. T.

  Were there historians before Berosus, Manetho, and Herodotus, whose
  works have come down to us in Greek, Latin, or other European
  languages?

  H. M. EASTMAN.

_Answer._—Herodotus is the oldest of the Greek historians. He was
born 484 B. C. He is generally recognized as the father of history.
Berosus was an educated priest of Babylon, who lived about 260 B.
C., and wrote in Greek three books of Babylonian-Chaldean history,
the materials for which he declares he found in the ancient archives
of Babylon. Manetho was an Egyptian historian, of the priestly
order, who lived in the reign of Ptolemy Soter, in the beginning
of the third century B. C. He, too, obtained the materials for
his works from the temple records at his command, from which he
wrote two works, one on the religion and the other on the history
of Egypt. Only fragments of the writings of Berosus and Manetho
remain—preserved in the works of Josephus, Eusebius, and other later
writers. There are historical records on the ancient monuments of
Egypt, Babylon, and Assyria which date back to earlier days, but
except the historical books of the Old Testament, beginning with
those of Moses (who was born 1738 B. C.), and some of the writings of
Confucius (born 551 B. C.), there is nothing antedating the writings
of Herodotus that is regarded as history.


FORMS OF LEAD CRYSTALS.

  BURLINGAME, Kan.

  Why is east and west lead ore always in cubes, while it is not
  always so with lead found in north and south lodes?

  C. A. DAMON.

_Answer._—The primitive form of galena, or sulphate of lead, crystals
is the cube. Whenever left free to crystallize, subject to no
extraneous force or pressure, this ore takes that form. At cross
veins it takes modified forms, the angles and edges of the cubes
being replaced by faces, so as in many cases to form octahedral
crystals. Now just why lead seems to have been more free to take its
simple primitive form when crystallizing in east and west veins or
lodes than in veins running in other directions is still largely a
matter of theory or conjecture. Some theorists think that the north
and south magnetic currents, to which the polarity of the magnetic
needle is attributed, have something to do with this phenomenon, but
a great many other wise people think nobody knows.


NATIONS OF THE GLOBE.

  SILVER LAKE, Ind.

  How many nations are there on the globe? Has each of them a flag?

  J. F. CLYMER.

_Answer._—The following is a full list of the nations of the world,
each of which has its own distinctive national colors or flag: The
United States of America, Mexico, Nicaragua, Honduras, Guatemala, San
Salvador, Costa Rica, the United States of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,
Bolivia, Chili, Argentine Confederation, Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil,
Venezuela, Hayti, and San Domingo, which are all the independent
nationalities of North and South America and the West India Islands;
Great Britain and her dependencies in both hemispheres, France
and her dependencies in Asia, Africa, and Oceanica, the German
Empire, Austro-Hungary, Russia, Italy, Spain and her dependencies
in both hemispheres; Portugal and her dependencies in Asia and
Africa, Switzerland, Belgium, Netherlands and her dependencies in
both hemispheres, Denmark and her colonial possessions, Sweden and
Norway, Greece, Roumania, Servia, Montenegro, Turkey or the Ottoman
Empire, Andorra, San Marino, and Monaco; the only independent
States of Africa (except those wholly savage), Liberia, Orange River
Free State, Transvaal Republic, Morocco, and Abyssinia; the only
independent nationalities of all Asia—Persia, Burmah, Afghanistan,
Beloochistan, Siam, China, and Japan; finally the Sandwich Islands.
This makes a total of fifty-seven nations universally recognized
and diplomatically treated as such, although several of them, like
Afghanistan and Burmah, are little more than nominally independent,
and two of them—Monaco, with an area of only 5¾ square miles, or
less than a Congressional township in this country, and a population
less than 6,000, and San Marino, with an area of barely 23-8/10
square miles and less than 8,000 inhabitants—are so insignificant
in comparison with their great neighbors that it seems a mockery of
the name to call them nations. Indian tribes, Esquimaux, tribes of
Africa, Asia, and Australia, although taken into treaty relations as
independent or quasi independent peoples, are never correctly spoken
of as nations in the sense in which the term is used in international
law.


ENTERING LAND IN DAKOTA.

  HUSTON, D. T.

Nine-tenths of the persons who have inquired of me about Dakota land
entries since my brief note in THE INTER OCEAN did not inclose stamps
or postal cards for replies. I have answered all that did observe
this plain business rule. I am no land agent, nor have I land to
sell, so I ask you to publish the following notes, which will answer
nearly all the questions asked me. [A person should not invite a
general correspondence through a paper like THE INTER OCEAN, “whose
parish is the world,” unless he is prepared to employ one or two
stenographic correspondence clerks. In almost every instance that we
have published contributors’ invitations to Farm and Home readers to
write to them, these rash friends have sent us word that they were
deluged with correspondence.—ED]. Of course, in the beginning all
the government land in Douglas County, D. T., was subject to entry
under the pre-emption and homestead or timber-culture acts. But at
present there are not more than three hundred vacant quarters in the
county, and, since the timber-culture act only allows one such claim
in each section, these unentered quarters can be taken only under the
homestead and pre-emption acts. A timber-culture claimant is required
to plant ten acres of trees and protect and cultivate them for eight
years. As no settlement is required, these claims are in good demand,
the relinquishments selling for from $200 to $400, owing to location.
Under the pre-emption law the settler pays $2 to file his claim.
After he has lived upon the land six months final proof can be made
by paying $1.25 per acre. Under this entry the claimant is allowed
thirty-three months in which to prove up, at the end of which time,
if he has not complied with this requirement, the land is again open
for settlement. Under the homestead law the settler pays $14 to
enter. He has then six months in which to begin his residence on the
land, after which time, if he has not complied with the law, it can
be contested on the ground of abandonment. Where a settler is unable
to begin his residence and settlement within the time allowed by
law, he can dispose of the claim by relinquishing to the government
and allowing some one else to enter. Nearly all the land throughout
the central part of the county has been taken; and what government
land there is remaining is mostly in the western part and around the
borders of the county. Relinquishments range in price from $50 to
$300, owing to location and quality of the land.

  H. S. BROWN.


RECORDS OF THE BRITISH CELTS.

  DUNLAP, Iowa.

  Had the Celts, at the time of the invasion by Julius Cæsar of what
  is now England and Wales, any records by which their origin could
  be traced?

  J. H. G. ROGERS.

_Answer._—That they had any written records there is great reason
to doubt, although there are inscriptions on certain rude stone
monuments in parts of Wales, as in the southeastern counties of
Munster, Ireland, consisting of long and short lines, known as Ogamic
characters, the antiquity of which is not well determined. As far as
deciphered, these inscriptions throw no direct light upon the origin
of the Celtic race. Their spoken language, reduced to writing after
the introduction of Christianity, is the only key of any importance
to their origin. This language plainly marks them as an early
offshoot of the Aryan family, the common Asiatic stock from which
all the ruling races of Europe have descended. The descriptions left
by the Romans of the aborigines of Britain at the time of the Roman
conquest represent them as fierce, cruel barbarians. Neither Cæsar’s
Commentaries nor the writings of Tacitus and other historians of the
period of the Roman domination convey evidence that the Britons had
any knowledge of letters until the Roman and Greek characters were
taught them. Neither do these historians preserve any oral traditions
of the British bards or druids calculated to shed much light upon the
early history of the Celtic race.


REPUDIATING STATES.

  BEMENT, Ill.

  Name the States which have repudiated their debts, in whole or in
  part, and tell what party was responsible for the act in every case.

  J. C. MILLER.

_Answer._—Virginia, W. Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota have each of
them, at one time or another, repudiated a part of their State debts.
Illinois repented almost immediately in sackcloth and ashes, and
settled with her creditors. Indiana has settled everything but about
twenty old internal-improvement bonds, which will no doubt soon be
liquidated. Minnesota has recently determined to settle with her
creditors, although the railroads, in aid of which the repudiated
bonds were issued, were not constructed in conformity with the law,
and the bonds are badly tainted with fraud. In every case but that
of Minnesota and South Carolina repudiation came in under Democratic
regimes.


THE CAPITAL OF LOUISIANA.

  ALDEN, Iowa.

  What is the present capital of Louisiana? Some geographies say New
  Orleans, and others Baton Rouge. Please explain this discrepancy.

  TEACHER.

_Answer._—The capital of the first colonial government of Louisiana
was fixed at Biloxi, in 1699. It was transferred to New Orleans
in 1723. New Orleans was the capital of the Territory of Orleans,
organized in 1804 out of a part of the vast Louisiana purchase.
In 1812 the State of Louisiana was formed with New Orleans as
the capital. In 1847 Baton Rouge was made the seat of the State
government, and it remained so until after it came into possession
of the Union army during the late war. A provisional government was
established at New Orleans in 1864, and the State constitution of
1868 made that city the capital; but by the new constitution of Dec.
2, 1879, the honor of being the seat of the State government was
restored to Baton Rouge, where it was established in 1880.


ANGORA AND CASHMERE FLEECES.

  SEDAN, Kan.

  What are the distinctive differences between the “staples” of
  Angora and Cashmere goats? Which staple is the more valuable? What
  are the present prices of the same in the markets of this country?
  Give a few chief facts as to these two breeds of goats.

  T. S. R.

_Answer._—The Angora goat takes its name from the Turkish city and
village of Angora, in the interior, mountainous region of Asia
Minor (about 220 miles E. S. E. of Constantinople), which exports
2,000,000 lbs of mohair annually. The animals are highly prized, and
command from $250 to $1,250 for the finest males and $200 to $900
for females, there being several varieties. The Cashmere goat is
named from Cashmere, a province between India proper and Thibet. The
animals are most numerous in Thibet, but most of the wool—or mohair,
as it is technically termed—is manufactured in Cashmere, the 16,000
or more looms of which turn out about 30,000 shawls every year, worth
in London from £100 to £450. There are marked differences in the
“staples” of these two species of goats. They both have two coats.
In the case of the Angoras there is a coarse, short hair close to
the skin, and a long, curly, outer covering of the nature of wool,
very soft and silky and, in good varieties, from seven to nine inches
long. This is the more bulky and valuable part of the fleece. The
Cashmere goat, on the contrary, has a coarse, outer coat of different
shades from gray to black and a fine undergrowth of beautifully soft,
silky texture, almost downy. It is perfectly straight, of a uniformly
grayish color and glossy luster, and is fully double the length of
the Angora staple, the best grades measuring eighteen inches. This
is combed out of the animal’s coat in the spring, when it begins
to be shed, and the product is so light that it has been said that
the average yield is but three ounces per goat, which would require
the product of ten goats for the manufacture of a shawl a yard and
a half square. It is certain, however, that the yield of the finer
animals ranges from seven to nine ounces. The value of this mohair in
Cashmere is from 30 to 40 cents a pound. It is not exported to this
country to such a degree as to establish a market quotation. There
is some of the Angora mohair imported for manufacture in our Eastern
States, at prices ranging, according to quality, from 60 cents to $1
a pound. The Angora goat has been successfully introduced into the
British colonies of South Africa. Cape Colony alone exported in 1878
the sum of 1,300,585 pounds, valued at £105,313, or about 32 cents
a pound. It is believed that it can be raised with profit in the
mountainous parts of Georgia and Alabama, and still farther north;
and in the mountainous districts of California and Oregon.


AN EARLY CALIFORNIAN COIN.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please give the origin of the $20 gold piece of 1853, marked on one
  side, “San Francisco;” on the other, “Moffat & Co.” Is it worth
  anything above its face value?

  J. A. BLOSS.

_Answer._—It being impossible to find any quotation of the value of
the coin referred to, Messrs. Stevens & Co., well-known numismatists
of this city, were asked to answer the above questions. The following
is their reply: “The $20 gold piece here designated gives a good
deal of trouble to curiosity hunters and coin collectors in general;
very much as is the case with the silver dollar of 1878 with eight
feathers in the eagle’s tail. There is no premium on either of
them. There is no certain history of the Moffat & Co. pieces. They
were a private coinage and issued under miner’s law; and all ’49
Californians know the potency or persuasive powers of that law.
The quality or fineness of the pieces is below standard and their
value much below our current $20 piece. The San Francisco mint was
established in July, 1852, and very soon after that all private
coinages ceased. Most of these pieces find their way into the
brokers’ offices and are sold only at bullion prices.”


MOCHA COFFEE.

  MAYVILLE, D. T.

  Where does Mocha coffee come from, and what makes it so much higher
  priced than other coffee?

  EDWARD PALMER.

_Answer._—The genuine Mocha coffee is produced in the province of
Yemen, South Arabia. It takes its name from Mokha, the chief port of
exportation, on the Red Sea. Very little of it, and that of inferior
quality, is ever seen west of Constantinople. Mr. W. G. Palgrave,
the Arabian traveler, says: “Arabia itself, Syria, and Egypt consume
fully two-thirds of the annual crop, and the remainder is almost
exclusively absorbed by Turkish and Armenian esophagi. Nor do these
last get for their share the best or the purest. Before reaching the
harbors of Alexandria, Jaffa, Beyrout, etc., for exportation beyond
there, the northern bales have been sifted and resifted, grain by
grain, and whatever they may have contained of the hard, rounded,
half transparent, greenish-brown berry, the only one really worth
roasting and pounding, has been carefully picked out by experienced
fingers, and it is the less generous residue of flattened, opaque,
and whitish grains which almost alone goes on the shipping. So
constant is this selecting process that a gradation regular as
the degrees in a map may be observed in the quality of Mokha,
that is Yemen, coffee, even within the limits of Arabia itself in
proportion as one approaches to or recedes from, Wadi Nejran and the
neighborhood of Mecca, the first stages of the radiating mart.” About
10,000 pounds of this coffee are exported annually through the port
of Mokha, says another authority; but this seems to be consumed, as
Mr. Palgrave says, mainly in Africa and Turkey.

The Mocha sold in the markets of Western Europe and America is from
the East Indies. Some of it even never crossed the Atlantic, being
produced in the West Indies or Central or South America. The really
exquisite flavor of this choice, small berried coffee, together with
the almost fanatical prejudice of the Turks for it, because it is
raised in Arabia, and the limited production, sufficiently account
for the high price it commands.


INDEX OF PERIODICAL LITERATURE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  A party of ladies studying Shakespeare are deeply interested in
  the Baconian theory. We find very little concerning it in books.
  Can you tell us if there are any valuable magazine articles on
  this subject, and where they may be found? What guide is there to
  periodical literature?

  MRS. M. B. W.

_Answer._—Happily we do now know where to direct not only this
correspondent but other inquirers where to find a complete index of
all periodical literature in the English language of any importance,
whether upon the above-named subject or any other. It is in “An
Index to Periodical Literature,” by William Frederick Poole, LL.
D., Librarian of the Chicago Public Library: published by James R.
Osgood & Co., Boston. This is the only work of the kind, except Dr.
Poole’s first and second indexes, published the one in 1848, and
the other in 1853, both of which are out of print and were mere
pamphlets in comparison with this noble volume, a royal octavo of
1,442 pages. Fresh from the press, it is brought down to a very
recent date. The answers to the above questions and another, from
two correspondents who wish to read up on the protective tariff and
free trade controversy, may serve to illustrate the advantages of
this invaluable index. Under William Shakespeare there are eight and
a half columns of references by title to articles in American and
English reviews and magazines on Shakespeare and his works, all of
which are alphabetically arranged. Running along the “A” column we
come to “Authorship of” (Shakespeare), “and Lord Bacon. (Delia Bacon)
Putnam, 7:1.—Frazer, 90:164. Same art, Liv. Age, 123:131.—Chamb,
J., 18:87—Nat. R. 5:72—Canad. Mo. 16:76—(A. Morgan) Appleton,
21:112, 481. 23:481. 24:14—(M. B. Benton) Appleton 21:336.-Blackw,
80:616.—(C. C. Shackford) No. Am. 85:493.—(A. G. Sedgwick) No. Am.
104:276.—(N. Hawthorne) Astan. 11:43.—(E. O. Vaile) Scrib. 9:743.—(J.
F. Clarke) No. Am. 132:163.—(W. H. Smith) Liv. Age, 51:481.—Harper,
34:263.—Nation, 2:402.—Scrib., 9:392.” This answers Mrs. M. B. W.’s
question as to where she and her Shakspearean Club are to look for
periodical literature on the Baconian theory of the authorship of
Shakespeare.

Now turn to “Tariff,” and there are nearly two columns of titles of
articles on this subject and where to find them; among them being the
following, arranged under the head of “Protective Tariff.”

“Protective, (J. C. Pray) Hunt, 2:119.—(H. J. Burton) Hunt,
11:254.—(M. D. L. Rodet) Hunt, 11:299.—(E. Everett) No. Am.,
19:223.—(A. H. Everett) No. Am., 03:160; 32:127.—No. Am., 35:265.—(F.
Bowen) No. Am., 73:90.—(H. Greeley) Am. Whig R. 2:111; 4:215; 5:201;
14:81. Ed. R., 72:321. Dem. R., 7:341; 9:329; 10:357; 14:291, 447;
19:163.—Am. Q., 10:444; 11:345.—So. R., 2:582; 6:206; 8:213.—Niles
R., 17:87; 19:331; 20:306, 354; 21:121, 147; 22:2, 292; 23:40, 118;
24:99, 116.—So. Lit. Mess., 8:421.”

Turning to the introduction of the book we find all the above
abbreviations clearly explained, and the place of publication of
each of the several periodicals referred to. For example: “Putnam,
7:1,” stands for Putnam’s Magazine, number 7, page 1; “Blackw.
80:616,” signifies Blackwood’s Magazine, number 80, page 616, and so
on. Every public library in the land—city, village, college, high
school, whatever its name—needs such a guide as this to periodical
literature, and it is easy to see that no private library of any
pretensions can do without it.


WHY 1900 WILL NOT BE A LEAP YEAR.

  TIPTON, Iowa.

  Will the year 1900 be a leap year? Robinson’s Arithmetic says that
  1896 will be a leap year but 1900 will not be. If this is true,
  please explain why.

  STUDENT.

_Answer._—The old Roman year contained but 355 days, divided into
twelve lunar months, with an intercalary month thrown in at certain
intervals, as became necessary, to atone for the fact that it
requires more than twelve precise lunar months to make a year. This
arrangement led to great confusion, and Julius Cæsar, in the year
B. C. 46, remedied the trouble in large degree by the introduction
of what is known as the Julian calendar, which regarded the year as
composed of 365¼ days. This was a great improvement, but as a matter
of fact the natural year contains 11 minutes 10 seconds less than
365¼ days, which difference amounts in a hundred years to 18 hours 36
minutes 40 seconds, or a little more than three-fourths of a day. As
a consequence, between the year A. D. 325—when the Council of Nice
established the rule for the determination of Easter Sunday—and the
year 1582 there was found to be an accumulated error of ten days.
Whereas the sun had crossed the equator at the vernal equinox of A.
D. 325 on March 21, it crossed it in 1582, according to the Julian
calendar, on March 11. Pope Gregory XIII., resolved on ending the
confusion attendant upon this imperfection of the generally accepted
calendar, ordained that what according to this mode of reckoning
would have been Oct. 5, 1582, be reckoned as Oct. 15; and to prevent
a repetition of the error he further ordained that every hundredth
year should not be a leap year, excepting the year 2000 and every
four hundredth year thereafter. Manifestly the omission of an entire
day every four hundredth year would be too much by about one day,
since, as above shown, the error in the Julian mode of reckoning
amounts only to 18h. 36 min. 40 sec. in a hundred years, or about
three days in four hundred years. This correction the Gregorian
amendment effects by the rule above stated, which took the years
1700, 1800, and 1900 out of the list of leap years, and left the year
2,000 in that list. This leaves but the small difference of 36 min.
and 40 sec. in a hundred years between the civil and natural years:
which amounts to no more than twenty-two seconds a year, or about six
hours in 1,000 years. In England the change from the old style of
reckoning to this new style was not ordered until 1751, by which time
the error that was but ten days in Gregory’s time had grown to eleven
days. The order took effect in England and the Colonies as regarded
all official dates and reckoning, in September, 1752, when eleven
days were left out of the calendar by reckoning Sept. 3 as Sept. 14.
This explains apparent discrepancies between authors who wrote in
the latter half of the last and the early part of this century. For
example, some early biographies of Washington say that he was born
Feb. 11, others that he was born Feb. 11, O. S., or Feb. 22, N. S.
Some biographical sketches of John Adams, Washington’s successor,
declare that he was born Oct. 19, 1735, without indicating that this
was according to the old reckoning, while others state that he was
born Oct. 30.


LEGISLATION FOR THE PEOPLE.

  DENVER, Col.

  Enumerate the acts passed since the Republicans have been in power
  which have served to benefit the people generally, and not some
  corporation or monopoly only. An elderly Democrat declares that the
  Republican party has never passed any such laws.

  C. S. HOLLEY.

_Answer._—It is useless to waste words on men so ignorant or
politically mendacious as “elderly Democrat.” The following
memorandum is for the benefit of younger and fairer minded men.
First of all there is the series of acts ending in the preservation
of the Union and the emancipation of 4,000,000 men who were so far
from being “monopolists” or holders of corporation shares that they
were slaves; as they would be to-day had the Democrats remained in
power. It would take columns to enumerate the laws brought forward
by Republicans and enacted since they came into power which have
immensely benefited the people at large, and not “only monopolies,”
as you express it. Among these are the laws which have brought
cheap postage and rapid postal transportation; the homestead and
timber culture acts; the establishment of the only thoroughly secure
national paper currency and general banking system this country has
ever enjoyed; the resumption of specie payments in the face of
Democratic and Greenbacker opposition; the maintenance of the public
credit against rebellion in the South and the Democracy in the North,
re-enforced subsequently by the Greenback party, both clamoring for
total or partial repudiation; the abolition of all duties on tea
and coffee; the establishment of State schools of agriculture and
industrial science, endowed by government land grants; the promotion
of American inventions, manufactures, and mining, until it is
considered that this country leads the world in useful inventions,
and the capital invested in its factories is nearly three times as
great as it was in 1860, when the Republicans came into power—the
number of hands employed being 2,738,885, or more than double as
many; the amount paid in wages, more than two and a half times as
much; the value of farms, forest, mine and other materials consumed
(nearly all American) about three and a third times as much; and
the value of the product almost three times as great. As some of
the consequences of the above industrial legislation, the public
lands are passing into the hands of the people in homesteads and
timber culture claims alone at the rate of 8,000,000 acres a year;
and the twenty years from 1860 to 1880 added as many farms to the
cultivated domain of the country as all its previous history. Gold,
notwithstanding all the products of our fields and mines, not only
stopped flowing out of the country, as it had done during all our
former history, but began to pour in from other lands, millions on
millions. While throughout all the vast interior of the country,
notwithstanding the marvelous multiplication of farms, farm products
are higher than in 1860, and nearly all manufactured goods that enter
into general consumption are lower. In the same brief period the
assessed taxes on real estate and personal property have mounted from
$12,084,560,005 to $16,902,993,543.


EARTHQUAKES.

  LAY, Col.

  Please tell us the cause of earthquakes. Are they due to internal
  convulsions of the earth or to atmospheric disturbances?

  JACOB SLONEKER.

_Answer._—According to that eminent physicist, F. W. Rudler (see
his contribution to the Encyclopedia Britannica on “Earthquakes”),
“even at the present day, after all that has been written on the
subject, but little is known as to the origin of earthquakes.” The
general opinion of investigators is that these agitations proceed
from within outward, and are not of atmospheric or other external
origin. True, Professor Alexis Perry, of Dijon, France, thought he
had discovered relations between the ages of the moon and these
recurrences, which seemed to sustain the theory of Zantedeschi, that
the liquid nucleus of the earth responds to the moon’s attraction in
tides, somewhat as the ocean does: but the theory that the earth has
a liquid nucleus covered with only a thin, solid crust, is losing
adherents continually. The theory of vibration communicated by
meteoric impact has been advanced as accounting for some earthquakes.
Another theory is that earthquakes are caused in some instances
by steam from water rushing into the bowels of volcanoes, or from
explosions of pent-up gases, generated by chemical decomposition of
minerals. Others believe that many of these phenomena are due to
magnetic disturbances, following eruptions in the sun. The prevailing
opinion still is that whatever their origin, whether of one cause,
or various causes, the vibrations of every earthquake can be traced
to a focus within the earth, and that this lies directly beneath the
point of greatest disturbance on the earth’s surface. After the great
shock at Naples in 1857, Mr. Mallet, aided by the Royal Society,
by determining the wave paths of the shock at twenty-six different
stations, was able to locate the focal depth of the earthquake at
about five and a half miles; and Dr. Oldham, by observations on the
wave effects of the earthquake which occurred at Cachar, India, on
Jan. 10, 1869, found that the focus of disturbance must have been
about thirty miles below the surface. This is very near the maximum
depth at which any earthquake is likely to originate, if we accept
the reasoning of that most eminent of all investigators of this class
of phenomena, Mr. Mallet, of Dublin, Ireland. There are credible
records of between 6,000 and 7,000 earthquakes between 1606 B. C. and
1842 A. D. Professor Fuch’s more careful observations of recent years
show that there were probably many times that number of unrecorded
ones, since he registered ninety-seven during the year 1875 and 104
during 1876. In view of this fact this subject appears to be one of
the most interesting problems of nature and is attracting growing
attention, which, it is hoped, will presently lead to definite,
satisfactory conclusions.


SOUTHEASTERN DAKOTA.

  PLANKINGTON, D. T.

Having seen questions in THE INTER OCEAN inquiring about Dakota,
and seeing no answers from this county, I concluded to write and
tell what I know of it. Aurora is the fourth county from the eastern
boundary and the third from the southern. It is considered by all
who have traveled over it as one of the finest in Southern Dakota.
The county is forty-eight miles long and twenty-four miles wide. In
the northwestern portion are situated the “Wessington Hills.” These
extend from northeast to southwest as far as the Missouri. Among them
are beautiful broad valleys and lakes of clear water. The climate
is all that can be desired. Last summer the days were warm and the
nights invariably cool, so that after a hard day’s work you could lie
down and rest sweetly. The past winter here, as in all other parts
of the Northern States, has been very cold and stormy. One month,
however, would take in all of the very cold weather. One foot would
cover all the snow that we have had this winter. The soil is a black
loam, varying in depth from one to six feet. The shallowest we have
found on our land is eighteen inches, and the deepest four feet. It
is very productive. Last year the crops yielded as follows: Corn
from 25 to 60 bushels per acre, wheat from 20 to 40 bushels, oats
from 50 to 80 bushels, barley from 30 to 60 bushels, rye from 40
to 60 bushels, flax from 7 to 22 bushels, buckwheat from 10 to 30
bushels, potatoes from 100 to 300 bushels, and all other vegetables
yielded enormously. The way this county is filling up is wonderful.
One year ago last fall there were only about 150 people in the
county, and to-day there are between 450 and 500, and scores more
coming on every train. If emigrants continue coming as they have done
for the last eighteen months, this county will soon be filled up.
Spring has already opened out with us, and farmers are putting in
their wheat and barley. Plankington, our county seat, which hardly
had a name eighteen months ago, is to-day a fine little village of
over 700 inhabitants. With early and deep planting this country will
grow almost anything.

  THOMAS JACKA.


INCOME OF THE CZAR.

  FORT WAYNE, Ind.

  Will you inform us through Our Curiosity Shop from what source the
  Emperor of Russia receives his income of $25,000 a day?

  S. S. COLEMAN.

_Answer._—The annual income of the Czar of all the Russias probably
averages a great deal more than $25,000 a day. The crown domains
comprise more than a million square miles, covering an area exceeding
that of all our New England, Middle, and Southern States. These
include cultivated lands, pastures, and forests in different parts
of this vast empire, which embraces in its despotic arms more
than one-sixth the entire land surface of our globe. Besides the
revenue from the above estates, the Czar derives a large income
from gold, silver, copper, and other mines in Siberia. The actual
total of his immense revenue from all these sources is not stated
in the government budgets or finance accounts, the crown domains
being considered the private property of the imperial family. In a
British consular report of 1867 the total income of the imperial
family is estimated at £2,450,000 sterling, which is an average
of about $33,500 a day. The imperial contributions to charities,
schools, theaters, etc., are estimated by the same authority at about
£450,000, leaving a net sum of £2,000,000 a year to “keep the family.”


GETTYSBURG AND WATERLOO.

  RED OAK, Iowa.

  What was the most destructive battle of the late civil war; and how
  did it compare with the battle of Waterloo as to numbers engaged
  and loss of life?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—The heaviest losses suffered by either side in any single
battle of the late war were at Gettysburg. The numbers engaged and
the losses are stated differently by different writers. Before
the Committee on the Conduct of the War, General Meade, the Union
commander, said: “Including all arms of the service, my strength
was a little under 100,000—about 95,000.” Understanding this to
include General French’s 7,000 men, who were by a blunder kept idle
at Frederick, and about 4,000 more of French’s force, who had been
detailed for special service—none of whom were brought into this
battle—it would appear that Meade’s force at Gettysburg was about
84,000 men of all arms. This corresponds very nearly with General
Humphrey’s statement that the Army of the Potomac in this action
comprised 70,000 infantry and 10,000 cavalry, with an artillery
force of 300 guns. Of the Confederate forces, General Humphrey says
that General Lee entered Pennsylvania with 85,000 infantry, 8,000
cavalry, and a due proportion of artillery. Greeley’s “American
Conflict” says: “Lee’s army, carefully counted by two Union men
independently, as it marched through Hagerstown, numbered 91,000
infantry, with 280 guns and 6,000 cavalry, while not less than 5,000
cavalry under Stuart advanced into Pennsylvania without passing
through Hagerstown.” The Union loss was 23,190, of whom 2,834 were
killed, 13,713 wounded, and 6,643 missing. The Confederate loss is
not officially stated. It is estimated by one writer (in the American
Cyclopedia) at 5,000 killed, 23,000 wounded, and 8,000 unwounded
prisoners—a total of 36,000, which is evidently an exaggeration.
Greeley’s “American Conflict” estimates Lee’s loss at 28,000, of whom
18,000 were killed and wounded, and 10,000 were unwounded prisoners;
while J. Watts de Peyster, in Johnson’s Cyclopedia, estimates Lee’s
loss at 31,600—18,000 killed and wounded, and 13,600 missing,
which includes the unwounded prisoners in our hands. In the battle
of Waterloo, the French army under Napoleon I. (according to P.
Nicholas, in Haydn’s Dictionary of Dates) numbered 71,947 men and 246
guns, and the allies 133,661 men of all arms and 260 guns—English,
under Wellington, 67,661; Prussians, 66,000 men. The loss of the
allies was 22,976: of whom 4,206 were killed, 14,539 wounded, and
4,231 missing. The French loss was 18,500 killed and wounded, and
7,800 prisoners, total 26,300; but other accounts, including some
French writers, make their loss about 30,000, the figures given in
most English and American cyclopedias.


FRAUDULENT HOMESTEAD AND TIMBER CLAIMS.

  LACROSSE, Wis.

  Is it not the intention of the pre-emption, homestead, and
  timber-culture laws to encourage actual settlement and improvement
  of the country, and are not these laws constantly used to encourage
  fraudulent speculation, to the disadvantage of bona fide settlers?

  CITIZEN.

_Answer._—Undoubtedly the laws mentioned were enacted for the benefit
of actual settlers, and not for the enrichment of speculators. The
following communication from Samuel Huckins, Esq., of Hartford, D.
T., just received, may be taken as an expose of the actual use made
of the laws in thousands of instances: “I have been a reader of your
worthy paper from the first year of its publication, and as I live
away out here in the far West I take a great interest in the doings
of Congress in regard to the public lands, of which THE INTER OCEAN
has so much to say. Now my theory and belief is, and always has been,
that the public lands should be given to those who will cultivate
and improve them—actual settlers who will make for themselves and
their descendants a home—and not throw this munificent gift of the
National domain into the hands of land-sharks and speculators.
Every person taking a claim, and those now holding claims under any
of the different acts of Congress, should occupy and cultivate such
lands according to the spirit and intent of the laws granting them
the same. I think Congress made a very grave error in giving persons
who had filed their entries of land under the homestead act the
privilege to pay $1.25 per acre for it instead of residing on the
land five years, thus giving those who never occupied the land, and
probably never will, a great advantage over the first settlers on
homestead land, who, in order to hold their claims, had to make the
required improvements and have an actual residence. I believe from
my personal knowledge that three-fourths of the land acquired under
the above act passed into the hands of capitalists and speculators.
The bogus homesteader would go to some money lender and get enough
money to prove up on his land—say $200 for 160 acres and $50 or $100
besides—giving a deed or mortgage on the same as security. In this
way the poor, honest home-seeker is cheated out of the land. There
are a great many claims out here, especially timber claims, held by
persons who have not fulfilled the requirements of the law, but as
the law is now administered they can hold them with impunity. A great
share of the land now covered by timber-culture claims on file is
in reality far more effectually covered with rank weeds than with
growing timber. Under the present system this law is of little value,
and keeps off the sincere home-seeker, who would improve the land
and help to build up schools and churches, and make for himself and
family a much needed home.”


ASSASSINATED ON GOOD FRIDAY.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please decide whether President Lincoln was assassinated on Good
  Friday, and settle a dispute.

  CONTESTANT.

_Answer._—President Lincoln was assassinated on Friday, April 14,
1865, which was Good Friday.


THE DISCOVERY OF MEXICO.

  CRAB ORCHARD, Ill.

  Who discovered Mexico?

  FELIX M. BURDETT.

_Answer._—The first knowledge of Mexico that reached the Spaniards
otherwise than by vague and uncertain stories of natives of the West
Indies came through two expeditions fitted out by Diego Velasquez,
who made the first European settlements in Cuba. The first of
these, under the command of Cordova, sailed from St. Jago de Cuba,
Feb. 8, 1517, and landed on the shores of Yucatan and Campeachy.
The second, commanded by Grijalvo, landed at various places on the
coast, but returned without penetrating into the interior or making
a settlement. It carried back such reports of the high civilization
and great wealth of Mexico, learned through the natives, as served
to intensify the determination of Velasquez to explore, and, if
possible, conquer the country. He fitted up a fleet of eleven small
vessels and placed them in command of Fernando Cortez, who set sail
from Cuba, Feb. 10, 1519; landed near the present city of Vera Cruz,
on March 4, and became the first actual explorer of the country, and
the founder of the Spanish dominion in Mexico.


TITLE OF PRINCE OF WALES.

  HEBRON, Neb.

  1. What is the origin of the title of the Prince of Wales? 2. Who
  pays the cost of the dinners given at the White House, and what is
  the annual expense on this account?

  JAMES KNOX.

_Answer._—1. On the conquest of Wales by Henry III. of England, he
bestowed the principality of Wales and earldom of Chester on his son,
afterward Edward I., as an office of trust and government. In 1343
Edward III. invested his son Edward, the “Black Prince,” with the
principality, and from that time the eldest son of the reigning King
has borne the title of Prince of Wales. 2. The President pays the
expenses of entertainments given at the Executive Mansion out of his
annual allowances, and the amount so expended is a private matter.


J. C. CALHOUN—WHIG PARTY.

  VOLGA CITY, Iowa.

  1. Why did John C. Calhoun resign the office of Vice President? 2.
  Who was his successor? 3. What caused the death of the Whig party?

  H. C. DAVIS.

_Answer._—1. Calhoun aspired to the Presidency at the end of
President Jackson’s first term. This led to a personal alienation
and final violent rupture between the two. Calhoun was elected Vice
President along with Jackson in 1828, but he resigned the office in
1831 for the above reason, and in order to accept the United States
Senatorship vacated by Mr. Hayne when the latter was elected Governor
of South Carolina. 2. Martin Van Buren, of New York, succeeded Mr.
Calhoun. 3. The growth of the Free Soil and Abolition parties in the
North killed the old Whig party.


GREAT FIRES OF HISTORY.

  FREDONIA, N. Y.

  How did the loss of lives and property in the great fire in Chicago
  compare with the losses in what are distinguished as the great
  fires of London and Moscow? Give a list also of the other principal
  fires recorded in history, and oblige

  A CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—The loss of life and property in the willful destruction by
fire and sword of the principal cities of ancient history—Nineveh,
Babylon, Persepolis, Carthage, Palmyra, and many others—is largely
a matter of conjecture. The following is a memorandum of the chief
conflagrations of the current era:

In 64, A. D., during the reign of Nero, a terrible fire raged in Rome
for eight days, destroying ten of the fourteen wards. The loss of
life and destruction of property is not known.

In 70, A. D., Jerusalem was taken by the Romans and a large part of
it given to the torch, entailing an enormous destruction of life and
property.

In 1106 Venice, then a city of immense opulence, was almost wholly
consumed by a fire, originating in accident or incendiarism.

In 1212 the greater part of London was burned.

In 1666 what is known as the Great Fire of London raged in the city
from Sept. 2 to 6, consuming 13,200 houses, with St. Paul’s Church,
86 parish churches, 6 chapels, the Guild Hall, the Royal Exchange,
the Custom House, 52 companies’ halls, many hospitals, libraries,
and other public edifices. The total destruction of property was
estimated at $53,652,500. Six lives were lost, and 436 acres burnt
over.

In 1679 a fire in Boston burned all the warehouses, eighty dwellings,
and vessels in the dock-yards; loss estimated at $1,000,000.

In 1700 a large part of Edinburgh was burned; loss unknown.

In 1728 Copenhagen was nearly destroyed; 1,650 houses burned.

In 1736 a fire in St. Petersburg burned 2,000 houses.

In 1729 a fire in Constantinople destroyed 12,000 houses, and 7,000
people perished. The same city suffered a conflagration in 1745,
lasting five days; and in 1750 a series of three appalling fires:
one in January, consuming 10,000 houses; another in April destroying
property to the value of $5,000,000, according to one historian, and
according to another, $15,000,000; and in the latter part of the
year another, sweeping fully 10,000 houses more out of existence. It
seemed as if Constantinople was doomed to utter annihilation.

In 1751 a fire in Stockholm destroyed 1,000 houses; and another fire
in the same city in 1759 burned 250 houses with a loss of $2,420,000.

In 1752 a fire in Moscow swept away 18,000 houses, involving an
immense loss.

In 1758 Christiana suffered a loss of $1,250,000, by conflagration.

In 1760 the Portsmouth (Eng.) dock-yards were burned, with a loss of
$2,000,000.

In 1764 a fire in Konigsburg, Prussia, consumed the public buildings,
with a loss of $3,000,000; and in 1769 the city was almost totally
destroyed.

In 1763 a fire in Smyrna destroyed 2,600 houses, with a loss of
$1,000,000; in 1772 a fire in the same city carried off 3,000
dwellings, and 3,000 to 4,000 shops, entailing a loss of $20,000,000;
and in 1796 there were 4,000 shops, mosques, magazines, etc., burned.

In 1776, six days after the British seized the city, a fire swept off
all the west side of New York city, from Broadway to the river.

In 1771 a fire in Constantinople burned 2,500 houses; another in
1778 burned 2,000 houses; in 1782 there were 600 houses burned in
February, 7,000 in June, and on Aug. 12, during a conflagration that
lasted three days, 10,000 houses, 50 mosques, and 100 corn-mills,
with a loss of 100 lives. Two years later a fire, on March 13,
destroyed two-thirds of Pera, the loveliest suburb of Constantinople,
and on Aug. 5 a fire in the main city, lasting twenty-six hours,
burned 10,000 houses. In this same fire-scourged city, in 1791,
between March and July, there were 32,000 houses burned, and about as
many more in 1795; and in 1799 Pera was again swept with fire, with a
loss of 13,000 houses, including many buildings of great magnificence.

In 1784 a fire and explosion in the dock-yards, Brest, caused a loss
of $5,000,000.

But the greatest destruction of life and property by conflagrations,
of which the world has anything like accurate records, must be
looked for within the current century. Of these the following is a
partial list of instances in which the loss of property amounted to
$3,000,000 and upward:

                                                Property
  Dates. Cities.                               destroyed.

  1802   Liverpool                             $5,000,000
  1803   Bombay                                 3,000,000
  1805   St. Thomas                            30,000,000
  1808   Spanish Town                           7,500.000
  1812   Moscow, burned five days;
           30,800 houses destroyed             50,000,000
  1816   Constantinople, 12,000
           dwellings, 3,000 shops                   .....
  1820   Savannah                               4,000,000
  1822   Canton nearly destroyed                    .....
  1828   Havana, 350 houses                         .....
  1835   New York (“Great Fire”)               15,000,000
  1837   St. Johns. N. B.                       5,000,000
  1838   Charleston, 1,158 buildings            3,000,000
  1841   Smyrna, 12,000 houses                      .....
  1842   Hamburg, 4,219 buildings,
           100 lives lost                      35,000,000
  1845   New York, 35 persons killed            7,500,000
  1845   Pittsburg, 1,100 buildings            10,000,000
  1845   Quebec, May 28, 1,650
           dwellings                            3,750,000
  1845   Quebec, June 28, 1,300
           dwellings                                .....
  1846   St Johns, Newfoundland                 5,000,000
  1848   Constantinople, 2,500 buildings       15,000,000
  1848   Albany, N. Y., 600 houses              3,000,000
  1849   St. Louis                              3,000,000
  1851   St. Louis, 2,500 buildings            11,000,000
  1851   St. Louis, 500 buildings               3,000,000
  1851   San Francisco, May 4 and 5,
           many lives lost                     10,000,000
  1851   San Francisco, June                    3,000,000
  1852   Montreal, 1,200 buildings              5,000,000
  1861   Mendoza destroyed by
           earthquake and fire,
           10,000 lives lost                         ....
  1862   St. Petersburg                         5,000,000
  1862   Troy, N. Y., nearly destroyed
  1862   Valparaiso, almost destroyed
  1864   Novgorod, immense destruction
           of property                              .....
  1865   Constantinople, 2,800 buildings
           burned                                   .....
  1866   Yokohama, nearly destroyed
  1865   Carlstadt, Sweden, all consumed
           but Bishop’s residence,
           hospital, and jail;
           10 lives lost                            .....
  1866   Portland, Me., half the city          11,000,000
  1866   Quebec, 2,500 dwellings and
           17 churches                             ......
  1870   Constantinople, Pera suburb           26,000,000
  1871   Chicago, 250 lives lost, 17,430
           buildings burned, on
           2,124 acres                        192,000,000
  1871   Paris, fired by the Commune          160,000,000
  1872   Boston                                75,000,000
  1873   Yeddo, 10,000 houses                      ......
  1877   Pittsburg, caused by riot              3,260,000
  1877   St. Johns, N. B., 1,650 dwellings,
           18 lives lost                       12,500,000

From the above it appears that the five greatest fires on record,
reckoned by destruction of property, are:

  Chicago fire, of Oct. 8 and 9, 1871        $192,000,000
  Paris fires, of May, 1871                   160,000,000
  Moscow fire, of Sept. 14-19, 1812           150,000,000
  Boston fire, Nov. 9-10, 1872                 75,000,000
  London fire, Sept. 2-6, 1666                 53,652,500
  Hamburg fire, May 5-7, 1842                  35,000,000

Taking into account, with the fires of Paris and Chicago, the great
Wisconsin and Michigan forest fires of 1871, in which it is estimated
that 1,000 human beings perished and property to the amount of
over $3,000,000 was consumed, it is plain that in the annals of
conflagrations that year stands forth in gloomy preeminence.


LOSS OF THE LADY ELGIN.

  CRETE, Ill.

  When was the Lady Elgin lost, on Lake Michigan and how many persons
  were lost, and saved?

  JOHN MILLER.

_Answer._—The steamer Lady Elgin was cut to the water’s edge by a
sailing vessel named the Augusta, heavily loaded with lumber, which
struck her amidships, during the night, Sept. 8, 1860. She sunk
almost immediately. Carrying an excursion party from Chicago to
Milwaukee at the time, she had about 400 passengers on board. The
disaster occurred about twenty-two miles north of Chicago, nearly
off Glencoe. Many of the passengers and crew got on rafts and
portions of the wreck, and drifted toward the land. Some of these
came ashore between Glencoe and Evanston; but the most of them,
after getting within hail of the beach, despite the best efforts of
citizens and students of Evanston and Winnetka to assist them, were
swallowed up in the breakers and carried out into the lake by the
terrible undertow. Men with ropes around their chests plunged into
the breakers, seized exhausted, drowning men and women, and were
dragged in by main strength of men at the lines. Conspicuous among
these noble men was Mr. Edward W. Spencer, of Rock Island, Ill.,
then a student at Garrett Biblical Institute, who saved fourteen or
fifteen passengers, persisting until he was utterly exhausted; an
example of heroism which was suitably commemorated afterwards by the
presentation of a memorial watch and chain, given him by citizens
of Chicago and Evanston. Of the total list of passengers only about
one-fourth were rescued; 297 perished.


AUSTRALIA.

  COLMAR, Ill.

  What are the area and principal natural features of Australia, and
  the nationalities and chief occupations of its population?

  CHARLES L. BRICKWELL.

_Answer._—Australia, often spoken of as an island, is about ten
times the size of Borneo, the largest island of the world properly
so called, and is nearly half the size of South America. To be more
specific, it measures about 2,500 miles from east to west, and 1,950
from north to south, containing an estimated area of 3,000,000
miles. This is about the same as the entire extent of the United
States, exclusive of Alaska. Along the east and west coasts the
country is broken, rising at no great distance from the sea into
a succession of mountain ranges; but the vast interior is almost
as level as a gently undulating ocean-bed, which it evidently was
at no very distant period—geologically speaking. It seems to be
for the most part a great sandstone basin, rising toward the coast
in nearly every direction. The mountain range in the southeast,
known as the Australian Alps, rises to a height of 7,000 feet; the
granite and syenitic mountains on the west coast range from 800 to
3,000 feet in elevation, and those along the coast of Queensland,
and along the greater part of the north coast, from 1,000 to 4,000
feet. There are immense quantities of coal in Eastern Australia,
rich gold mines, some silver, and an abundance of iron, copper, and
tin. The broken and much of the mountainous regions are well wooded,
but the interior is comparatively naked, and much of it wears a
parched look, like the dry, treeless plains of Eastern Wyoming and
Colorado, which are available for flocks and herds the most of the
year, but not cultivable with profit without artificial irrigation.
There are millions of acres of fine agricultural and grazing lands
without entering this interior basis to any great distance; and the
governments of the several provinces are offering liberal inducements
to settlers. Few of the rivers of this vast country are navigable
to any great distance, although several of them may be made so for
a large part of the year by slight improvements of the channels.
Conspicuous among the latter are Murray River, 1,100 miles long;
the Roper and the Victoria. The regions beyond the seaboard are not
likely to develop rapidly until means of transportation are extended.
The railroad mileage of Australia is only a little over 4,042 miles,
or about the same as that of Minnesota, which is thirty-six times
smaller in area and began to be settled much later. The telegraph
lines measure over 30,000 miles. The climate of the Southern half
of Australia is quite similar to that of Southern Brazil or Cuba,
and that of the greater part of the rest of the continent is a good
counterpart of that of Southern Europe. The total population of the
five provinces of Australia, by the census of 1881, is as follows:

  New South Wales                          751,468
  Queensland                               213,525
  South Australia                          279,865
  Victoria                                 862,346
  Western Australia                         29,708
                                         —————————
      Total                              2,136,912

The above does not include aborigines, estimated to number 80,000.
The increase by immigration is not rapid. The population is mostly
of British origin, but it embraces also nearly 10,000 Polynesians
and 25,000 Chinese. The chief occupations are agriculture, grazing,
mining, building, and commerce. Manufactures do not flourish, the
colonies being dependent almost entirely upon the United Kingdom for
manufactured goods. The chief exports are wool, hides, preserved
meats, copper, lead, coal, and gold. The total quantity of gold mined
in Victoria alone, from the discovery in 1851 to the end of 1880,
amounted to 49,500,000 oz., valued at $990,000,000. The government
of the several provinces is similar to that of the provinces of the
present Dominion of Canada before their union.


ALDERNEYS AND JERSEYS.

  SCOTT, Ind.

  What is the difference between Alderney cattle and Jerseys, if any?
  Where did the breeds originate? Your answer will settle a dispute.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Alderney, Jersey, and Guernsey are small islands in the
British Channel, just off the coast of Normandy, France; from which
the first, an isle of about four square miles in area, is separated
by only a very narrow strait. Jersey, about sixteen miles off the
coast, is a much larger and more fertile island, being about eleven
times the size of Alderney. While the cattle of the three islands
are all believed to have come from one common Norman stock, and pass
under the common name of the Alderney breed, the Jersey cattle have
been greatly improved by careful in-breeding, and are better milkers
as to quantity, though not as to quality, than the native cattle of
Alderney. Few cattle are exported from the latter island, while a
considerable number of Jersey cattle are exported to England and this
country, where nearly all the representatives of what is known as
the Alderney breed are Jerseys. It would not be correct to speak of
Alderneys and Jerseys as distinct breeds.


LOTTERY MATTER UNMAILABLE.

  SHELL ROCK, Iowa.

  Is it unlawful to send letters to lottery companies and lottery
  agents through the mails?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Postal regulation 674 declares “No letter or circular
concerning lotteries, so-called gift concerts, or similar
enterprises, offering prizes,” etc., “shall be carried in the mail.
Any person who shall knowingly deposit or send anything to be
conveyed by mail in violation of this section shall be punishable
by a fine of not more than $500 nor less than $100, with costs of
prosecution.” Section 674 instructs postmasters and employes of the
railway mail service to withdraw letters and third class matter
addressed to lottery companies or agents from the mails and refer
them to the proper officers for prosecution of the person mailing the
same.


THE HIGH SEAS.

  UNION GROVE, Wis.

  1. What is meant by the “high seas” in article 1, section 8, of
  the Constitution of the United States? 2. Are the Great Lakes
  regarded as high seas? 3. If a crime were committed on any of the
  Great Lakes, where would the criminal be tried—in what court? 4.
  What persons are meant in the first clause of the ninth section of
  article 1 of the Constitution?

  ROBERT ROBERTS.

_Answer._—1. By the “high seas” is meant the open sea: that is the
waters outside of the civil jurisdiction of any country, which the
law of nations limits to one marine league, or three geographical
miles from shore. 2. The Great Lakes are regarded, beyond the limits
above designated, as high seas. 3. In the event of crimes committed
on the high seas, parties charged therewith are subject to the
jurisdiction of the Federal or United States courts in the district
which the vessel first enters after the commission of the crime, or
in the district where the offender is found. The courts of States
bordering on the great lakes have jurisdiction concurrent with that
of the United States courts where it can be shown that the crime
was committed within their limits, which extend to the central line
of the lakes bounding them. 4. In the clause of the Constitution
which reads: “The migration or importation of such persons as any
of the States now existing shall think proper to admit shall not
be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808,” etc. The
word “persons” was understood to mean African slaves. This form
was adopted to avoid the use of the word slave in the Constitution,
the very thought of which was repugnant to Washington, Adams,
Jefferson, and other fathers of that instrument, whether from North
or South. The slave trade, in conformity with the above clause of the
Constitution, was promptly abolished in 1808.


UNIMPROVED LANDS—IMMIGRATION.

  GANGES, Mich.

  What proportion of the areas of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois,
  Iowa, and Nebraska is still unimproved Also, please state the
  number of immigrants arriving in this country in 1882.

  H. H. H.

_Answer._—1. The census of 1880 gives the following statistics of
improved lands embraced in farms in the several States above named,
opposite which we place the total area of each State in acres:

               No. of     Improved        Total
  States.      farms.      acres.         acres.

  Ohio        247,189    18,081,091    26,278,400
  Michigan    154,008     8,296,862    37,705,600
  Indiana     194,013    13,933,738    23,264,000
  Illinois    255,741    26,115,154    36,256,000
  Iowa        185,351    19,866,541    35,856,000
  Nebraska     63,387     5,504,702    49,187,200

From this it appears that nearly one-third of Ohio, more than
three-fourths of Michigan, about two-fifths of Indiana, a little
more than one-fourth of Illinois, about three-sevenths of Iowa, and
almost nine-tenths of Nebraska remained unimproved as farm property
at the time of the last census. In settled States, the number of
acres included in cities, towns, and villages, in roads, lakes, and
navigable streams, will reduce the proportion of “unimproved acres”
by about 2 per cent of the total area. The statistician of Indiana
computes that there were in 1879, 249,686 acres, or 1⅛ per cent
of the total State area, embraced in roads outside of cities and
incorporated towns. 2. The total immigration into the United States
in 1882 numbered 788,992.


LAW AGAINST CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.

  ROSCOE, Ill.

  Please publish in Our Curiosity Shop in condensed form the law
  of this State to punish cruelty to animals. A person in this
  neighborhood, remonstrated with for cruelly beating his horse with
  a pitchfork, retorts that “a man has a right to pound his own
  horse.” Let us know the law for such cases.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Chapter 38, section 50, of the Revised Statutes of Illinois
says: “Whoever shall be guilty of cruelty to any animal in any of the
ways mentioned in this section shall be fined not less than $3 nor
more than $200, viz.: By overloading, overdriving, cruelly beating,
tormenting, mutilating, or cruelly killing any animal; by cruelly
working any old, maimed, infirm, sick, or disabled animal; by failing
to provide any animal in his charge or custody with proper food,
drink, and shelter; by abandoning any old, maimed, infirm, sick, or
disabled animal; or by causing or knowingly allowing the same to be
done.”


EMANCIPATION IN JAMAICA.

  SHULLSBURG, Wis.

  In what year and by whom were the slaves of Jamaica emancipated?
  Also state the circumstances under which they gained their freedom.

  RICHARD IVEY, M. D.

_Answer._—In 1807 the British Government abolished the slave trade
in all British vessels and in British waters. The agitation against
slavery was kept up in Parliament from that time, growing more and
more irresistible every year, and spreading out into the farthest
provinces, until in 1832 the negroes of Jamaica revolted, under
the belief that emancipation had actually been decreed and that
their masters were holding them in slavery against law as well as
against natural right. The atrocities to be expected in a servile
insurrection ensued; hundreds of lives and millions of property were
destroyed. When the terrible tidings reached England it added new
fuel to the emancipation agitation, already at white heat, and in
1833 the famous English emancipation act was passed. The government
apportioned £6,161,927 among the owners of the slave population, of
309,338 persons; and after four years apprenticeship all of these
former slaves became absolutely free.


BARNBURNERS AND HUNKERS.

  GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.

  How and when did the political nicknames “Hunker” and “Barnburner”
  originate in the State of New York?

  J. H. P.

_Answer._—The Democratic party within New York State became badly
divided soon after the inauguration of Mr. Polk, in 1845, owing to
the slights put on Governor Silas Wright, of that State, to whose
immense popularity Polk really owed his election. Wright could not
carry all his friends over to Polk, as is shown by the fact that he
was elected Governor by 10,030 majority, while Polk carried the State
by 5,106. This, however, decided the electoral count in his favor.
Polk was really a weak man, and showed it in nothing more than in his
jealousy of Wright and annoyance at the general ascription, of his
election by the organs of both parties, to Wright’s influence. He
tendered Wright the choice of places in his Cabinet under constraint
of the general wish of the party, and knowing that this statesman
felt bound to retain the high office to which the people of New York
had exalted him. Wright declined, but asked that Azariah C. Flagg,
of New York, be made Secretary of the Treasury, and he understood
the President to promise this; yet afterward the latter declined to
make the appointment, and gave the portfolio of Secretary of State to
ex-Governor Wm. L. Marcy, of New York, who was by no means friendly
to Wright. The Collectorship of New York, it was understood, would be
given as Governor Wright and ex-President Van Buren should request,
but here again the President disappointed them. All this reminds us
forcibly of the divisions in the Republican ranks in the same State,
due to the Garfield-Conkling feud. The trouble rankled, and the
Democratic party became divided into two pronounced factions before
the election of delegates to the next gubernatorial convention. There
were the administration Democrats, calling themselves Conservatives,
and the “sore-heads” of those days, stigmatized as Radicals, because,
among other things, they were affected with anti-slavery, or
“free-soil” sentiments; whereas the administration party was strongly
pro-slavery. In the Democratic State Convention, held at Syracuse
early in 1847, the latter faction, by political manipulation, secured
the organization of that body, and decided nearly all the contested
seats in their own favor and made the State ticket and the State
Committee to suit themselves; in other words, “carried off the hunk,”
and fairly won the nickname of “Hunkers.” The other faction, led on
by Governor Wright’s friends, Mr. Van Buren, Colonel Samuel Young,
Michael Hoffman, and others, refused to support the ticket, and as a
consequence the Whigs carried the State by over 30,000 majority in
the gubernatorial election. One of the Hunker orators likened the
Wright and Van Buren faction to the Dutch farmer who burned his barn
to rid himself of the rats, and thenceforward the name Barnburners
was fastened on them, and the two nicknames, Hunker and Barnburner,
were bandied back and forth until after the latter joined with the
Liberty party, in 1852, to support Mr. Van Buren as the Free Soil
candidate for the Presidency. There is no difference of opinion as
to the origin of the term Barnburner as above given, but Webster’s
dictionary defines hunkerism as hostility to progress: “Bartlett’s
Americanisms” defines “Hunkers” as a name given to a faction of the
Democratic party because of devotion to old principles, from the
Dutch “honk, place, post, home;” while others insist that the term
grew out of the triumph of the administration faction at the Syracuse
convention referred to above, which led them to imagine that they
were “all hunk,” as the New York boys exclaim in certain games when
they have reached their goal or “home” without being intercepted by
the contestants on the other side of the game. Hunk, in this sense,
is evidently a corruption of the Dutch “honk” or “home,” handed
down by the Dutch children. As the Hankers did “carry off the hunk
at Syracuse, did imagine themselves all hunk,” and were “hostile to
progress,” either or all of the above explanations may be accepted
without doing violence to history, whatever the consequences to
philology.


COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.

  CLINTON, Mich.

  What is meant when it is said “the House went into committee of the
  whole?” Please explain the whole subject.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Messages from the President and other matters of great
importance are usually referred to a committee of the whole House,
where general principles are digested in the form of resolutions,
which are debated and amended until they get into a shape that
meets the approbation of a majority. These resolutions, after being
reported and confirmed by the House, are then referred to one or more
select committees, where they are reduced into the form of bills or
joint resolutions. It is found that the sense of the House is better
learned in committee, because in all committees everyone speaks
as often as he pleases. No gag law can be applied in committee by
moving the previous question. The form for going from the House into
the committee of the whole is for the Speaker, on motion, to put
the question that the House do now resolve itself into a committee
of the whole to take into consideration such a matter, naming it;
to which the deliberations of the committee must be confined. If
determined in the affirmative, he leaves the chair and takes a seat
elsewhere, as any other member, and the person appointed chairman
seats himself at the clerk’s table. The Speaker usually appoints
a chairman, but the committee has full power to set him aside and
select its own chairman. In case of the committee’s getting into
violent disorder the Speaker, who is clothed with authority to call
in the Sergeant-at-arms, if necessary, to enforce order, may take
his chair, and at the tap of his gavel every member is required to
take his proper seat, such action having the effect to dissolve the
committee. Cases of this kind are rare. Usually when the committee is
ready to rise the chairman rises, the Speaker immediately resuming
the chair; if the business is unfinished, the chairman of the
committee reports progress and asks permission for the committee to
sit again, which the House may or may not consent to. If the business
is finished the chairman tenders his report.


SAMUEL ADAMS, THE GREAT ORGANIZER.

  CARBONDALE, Ill.

  Give a short biographical sketch of Samuel Adams, of revolutionary
  times.

  CHARLES L. H.

_Answer._—Samuel Adams was one of the very first who organized
measures of resistance against the encroachments of Great Britain on
the rights of the colonies. He drew up the famous petition of the
General Court of Boston to the King, in 1764, against taxation on
trade. He was elected a Representative in the Massachusetts House of
Representatives in 1765, was chosen Clerk, and served in that body
ten years. It is said that he was the first to suggest the congress
of colonial delegates that assembled in New York in 1765, and was
the father of the non-importation agreement of 1789, intended to
check the use of British manufactures and other foreign imports and
foster home manufactures and, still more, a spirit of independence.
He was Chairman of the committee that waited on the Royal Governor
and Council in 1770, on the day after the Boston riot and massacre,
and demanded the removal of the troops. He was one of the signers
of the declaration of independence: was one of those who matured
the plan of the Continental Congress, to which he was a delegate
from Massachusetts from 1774 to 1782, and signed the articles of
confederation, which were the constitution of the country until
replaced by the present Federal Constitution. He was Lieutenant
Governor of Massachusetts from 1789 to 1794, and Governor from 1794
to 1797. He was born in Boston Sept. 27, 1722, graduated at Harvard
in 1740, and died in Boston Oct. 2, 1803.


ORIGIN OF THE CAUCUS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Can you tell us the origin of the American caucus?

  JOHN ALLEN.

_Answer._—The origin of the term “caucus” is traced back to the
Caucus Club, Boston, of revolutionary days. This club was composed
mainly of persons engaged in ship-building. It was one of the most
radical opponents of British oppression. It and the Merchants’ Club
of the same period, used to meet before elections and agree on
candidates for town and provincial offices. “Caucus” is believed to
be a corruption of “caulkers.”


THE YORK SHILLING.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  To settle a dispute please inform us through Our Curiosity Shop
  whether the United States ever issued a coin called the “York
  shilling?” Was there not a coin of some kind called a York shilling?

  READER.

_Answer._—The United States certainly never did mint any such coin.
Neither did New York itself before the adoption of our present
Constitution, under which individual States are not permitted to
coin money. Most of the original thirteen States had issued bills of
credit during colonial times, which had depreciated in the several
colonies in different degrees, according to provisions made for their
redemption and other incidents. In New England, after the adoption
of the Federal decimal system, the pound in paper currency was worth
only $3.33⅓ and the shilling 16⅔ cents, equal to six shillings to
the dollar. This standard prevailed also in Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi, Alabama, and
Florida. In New York the paper currency pound was worth only $2.50,
and so the shilling was reckoned but 12½ cents, equal to eight
shillings to the dollar. This last is the “York shilling,” a money of
account. The only coin that ever passed by that name is the Spanish
real, known along the Ohio and Lower Mississippi as “a bit,” which,
until a few years ago, was current through the country at 12½ cents,
the value, as above shown, of the New York paper currency shilling of
the olden times. In Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland
the pound was worth $2.70, making the shilling worth 13½ cents, or
7s. 6d. to the $1. In Georgia and South Carolina the pound was worth
$4.20, and the shilling 21-3/7 cents, or 4s. 8d. to the dollar. Such
was the force of habit that, long after the old colonial paper money
passed out of use, people continued to buy and sell and keep accounts
in pounds and shillings; and schoolboys were required to familiarize
themselves with the rules for reducing the several State currencies
to Federal currency.


THE GREAT NAPOLEON’S DEFEATS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  1. Was Bonaparte repulsed at Acre? 2. Was he forced to leave Egypt?
  3. Did he make a disastrous retreat from Moscow? 4. Did the Duke
  of Wellington suffer defeats parallel to those endured by Napoleon
  Bonaparte?

  THOMAS WILSON.

_Answer._—1. In 1799, after laying siege to the stronghold of Acre,
Syria, for sixty-one days, Napoleon Bonaparte resolved to raise
the siege and return to Egypt, where his presence was demanded by
the threatening state of affairs, which culminated at last in the
great battle of Aboukir, in which he defeated Murad Bey, for the
second time, with great slaughter. There is no doubt that, although
victorious over the Ottoman and Egyptian armies, the almost utter
annihilation of the French fleet by the English and Turks in the
famous naval battle of the Nile, some months before this, and the
menacing state of affairs in France, made it prudent for Napoleon
to take advantage of the prestige of this victory to retire from
Egypt, leaving the government of the country he had conquered to
General Kleber, who soon after this totally defeated the Ottoman
army, 70,000 strong, before Heliopolis. Not until after Kleber
was assassinated and months of the unwise administration of his
successor, General Menou, did the insurrection fomented by the
English, and finally assisted by an English naval and land force,
compel the French under Menou, to withdraw from Egypt, nearly two
years after Bonaparte himself had returned to France. Taken all in
all the French expedition into Egypt, planned by Napoleon Bonaparte,
although distinguished by several brilliant exploits, must be
regarded from a political and military standpoint as a failure. 3. So
was the expedition to Moscow, which, after a succession of victories,
ended in a disastrous retreat in midwinter, forced upon the French,
not by arms, but by threatening starvation and other results of the
burning of Moscow. 4. The Duke of Wellington, although several times
compelled to retreat before French armies during campaigns in the
Netherlands and in Spain, never suffered any disasters comparable
with those inflicted on Napoleon; neither did he ever exhibit, even
at Waterloo, where, with the allies, he had double the strength
of the French army, such marvelous generalship as made Napoleon
Bonaparte for many years more than a match for all the powers of
Europe combined, the arbiter of all their thrones.


FUNDED AND FLOATING DEBT DEFINED.

  IROQUOIS, D. T.

  Explain the terms “floating debt,” “funded debt,” and “sinking
  fund.”

  QUERIST.

_Answer._.—“Funded debt” is government or corporation indebtedness in
the form of bonds or other evidences of money stipulated to be paid
at stated intervals, and usually bearing interest payable annually or
oftener. “Floating debt” is indebtedness, such as unsettled accounts,
scrip in the nature of due bills, etc. not funded. A sinking fund
is money set apart out of taxes, earnings, or other income, for the
redemption of government or corporation bonds or other specific
tokens of indebtedness.


ARTIFICIAL INCUBATION.

  FAYETTE, Iowa.

  I am very anxious to learn how to make an incubator, or have one
  made, for hatching chickens by artificial means. Will you oblige
  myself and other readers by giving such minute directions that a
  carpenter can make one by following them?

  E. J. ALLCOTT.

_Answer._.—Similar requests are made by C. A. Brace, Esq., of
Persia, Iowa; L. R. S., Cameron, Neb.; Q., of Elk Grove, Wis.,
and several others, some of whom desire to know what success has
attended experiments in artificial incubation with modern apparatus.
Conflicting reports as to this latter question, together with the
fraudulent methods taken by some persons engaged in vending pamphlets
that cost the publishers not to exceed 8 cents a copy, containing
directions for making apparatus of this sort, at the extortionate
price of $2, and selling ready-made incubators at exorbitant prices,
has made caution advisable in treating this subject. Reports received
within the past six weeks from twenty different persons, who have
experimented with incubators, indicate that in about twelve cases
out of twenty the average success is encouraging, and in the cases
of the others the average results are quite discouraging. It is very
certain that in a climate incident to such sudden and extreme changes
as ours success demands skill and constant attention. None but
absolutely fresh eggs must be selected, a temperature hardly varying
from 103 deg., and a proper degree of moisture must be maintained,
with sleepless vigilance. Let the eggs be chilled even for a few
minutes and the consequences are disastrous. For a comparatively
inexpensive incubator make a box 4 feet long, 3 feet wide, 6 inches
deep, outside measurement, with a tight board lid and a zinc bottom;
using boards 1¼ inches thick, nailed or screwed together. This is
the heater. Of the same kind of boards make an egg-drawer 4 feet
long, 2 feet 11½ inches wide, 5 inches high, outside measure, and 4
inches deep on the inside, with slats nailed in crosswise, instead
of a board for the bottom. The slats better be of inch-thick lumber,
not more than 1 inch wide, and set one inch apart. Over these slats
on the inside tack a piece of coarse sack the full length and width
of the box. Draw it tight and tack it securely to the slats and the
ends of the box. Next make a frame 3 feet 7 inches long and 32 inches
wide, using inch-square strips for the end pieces and inch-wide
strips of half-inch thickness for the sides. Strain stout muslin over
this frame and tack it firmly. Lay this, muslin side down, on the
coarse cloth in the egg drawer. This is to support the eggs. Next
bore twenty half-inch holes in each side of the egg drawer, 1¾ inches
apart, and as close to the frame with the muslin bottom as can be
done and yet allow this frame to slide easily underneath twenty slats
a half-inch square each, which must be run through the box from hole
to hole, to keep the eggs in position. Arrange the eggs between these
slats, resting on the muslin of the muslin frame. It will be seen
that by moving this frame about two inches backward or forward the
eggs can be turned half over. Make a box of precisely the same length
and breadth as the heater, but eight inches deep instead of six.
Nail on a tight bottom of inch flooring stuff; bore twelve half-inch
holes in this bottom, into which insert as many tin tubes of the same
diameter, seven inches long, for ventilators. Fill all the space
between the pipes with sawdust to within about an inch of their tops.
Next set the egg drawer on top of this ventilator box, and set the
heater, the first box described, on the top of the egg drawer. Take
common inch-boards, one foot wide, and nail one on each side and
across one end of this pile of boxes, driving the nails along the
lower edge of each board into the ventilator box, and along the upper
edge into the heater box; raising the latter off of the egg-drawer
barely enough to let the latter slide easily back and forth between
the heater and ventilator.

As the incubator stands now, the egg-drawer is protected from the
cold, underneath, by the ventilator box with about six inches of
sawdust: but it must be similarly protected on the sides and top.
Set this nest of boxes, as now arranged, on a couple of trestles
made of pieces of scantling, four feet eight or ten inches long,
with short legs eight inches long, and build another box 27 inches
high (outside) around them, long enough and wide enough to form a
sawdust chamber 8 inches wide along both sides and the back end of
the incubator, and rising 8 inches higher than the top of the heater.
Next get two tin pipes, 12 or 13 inches long and about 2½ inches in
diameter, seamed together, as solder melts; also get two such pipes
about 6 inches long, and two elbows. Bore a 2½-inch hole through the
sawdust-box and the heater-box entering the latter about 9 inches
from the front and 2 inches below the lid, and slide one of the
longer pipes through these holes. Attach one of the elbows and one
of the 6-inch pipes outside. Put the other pipe into the heater from
the opposite side, about 9 inches from the back end of the heater.
Two kerosene lamps, set on brackets, on the outside of the sawdust
box, with their chimneys thrust up into the short pipes, will supply
all the heat that is required for hatching the eggs. If the lamps
smoke, drop them low enough to admit a little air to enter between
the chimneys and the inside of the pipes. Opposite where each of
these tin flues enters the heater, bore three three-quarter-inch
holes through the top of the heater, nine or ten inches apart, in a
line about three inches from the side. Slide six tin tubes of the
same diameter, fifteen or sixteen inches long, through these holes
to within a half-inch of the zinc bottom of the heater. Now fill
the sawdust chamber around the incubator and on top, putting earth
instead of sawdust just around the hot-air flues, to avoid fire. As
the zinc directly under where the hot-air flues enter the heater is
apt to get overheated, it is best before covering the heater with
sawdust to lay a piece of zinc or tin, about a foot square, on the
zinc bottom as an equalizer of the temperature. Keep a thermometer in
the egg drawer to test the temperature. This drawer will hold about
250 eggs.

This is the incubator; directions for using it will be given
hereafter.


M. A. Bevard, Derby, Iowa—General Hull took part in the revolutionary
battles of White Plains, Trenton, Stillwater, Princeton, Saratoga,
and Monmouth. 2. Aaron Burr died on Staten Island.


INTEREST ON NOTES.

  WASHBURN, Wis.

  1. Will a promissory note draw interest if it is not so specified
  in the note? 2. Will a note made payable one year after date, with
  interest at 7 per cent, draw interest after the note becomes due?

  A. E. R.

_Answer._.—1. Such a note will not draw interest until after due and
payment has been demanded. It will draw legal interest from date of
such demand. 2. Such a note will continue to draw interest at the
same rate if payment is demanded at maturity and payment is withheld.


NEW YORK IMMIGRATION COMMISSION.

  BARNARD, Ill.

  Who was the first to propose Castle Garden for the benefit of
  foreign immigrants? Is the board of management a National or a
  State organization? How did it originate?

  ANNA SIERLE.

_Answer._—The pitiable condition in which immigrants were landed
in New York, the cruelties inflicted upon them in many cases in
overcrowded emigrant ships, the extortions and downright frauds
practiced upon them when they were put ashore like so many cattle,
and left to shift for themselves in a strange city, without language
to make their wants known, began to attract the attention of humane
public officers and merchants of that city at an early day. The
outrages multiplied, and the importance of providing some remedy
grew with the rapid increase of foreign immigration, which swelled
from 22,633 for the whole United States in 1831, to 104,565 in 1842.
The Legislature of New York State was appealed to, and on May 5,
1847—in which year the rate of foreign immigration more than doubled
upon that of 1842, the total number received rising to 234,968—it
created the present Board of Commissioners of Emigration of the
State of New York, which has been in successful operation ever
since, and has proved one of the most beneficent institutions of the
land. It consists of nine members, six of whom are appointed by the
Governor with consent of the Senate, while the other three are the
Mayor of the city and the Presidents of the German Society and the
Irish Emigration Society. All of these serve without compensation.
The law makes it their duty to provide suitable quarters for the
reception of alien passengers arriving at New York; to care for the
sick and helpless among them; to protect them from extortion, fraud,
and impositions of any kind; to aid those who wish transfer to the
railways and other transportation routes to the interior of the
country; to assist such as wish to remain in the city to obtain work,
and, in general, to give them trustworthy information and advice,
and guard their interests. For this purpose they were authorized to
collect of vessel owners $2.50 for each passenger, until 1871, when
it was reduced to $1.50.

In 1855 the city of New York leased Castle Garden to the
Commissioners for an immigrant landing depot, and it was opened for
this purpose in August of that year. It occupies the extreme southern
point of the city at the junction of the North River, or Hudson, with
the East River. A more convenient, healthy, an every way desirable
station could not have been selected. The immigrants are brought here
directly from immigrant vessels, in tugs or barges, and received into
rooms properly heated, lighted, and ventilated. Bath-rooms, lunch
counters, with provisions at reasonable prices, suitable sleeping
quarters, and other conveniences are all found within the building,
and are conducted under strict superintendence. The names of such as
have money, letters, or friends awaiting them are called out. Clerks
stand ready to write letters for them in any European language.
There are railway offices where tickets are sold them by thoroughly
responsible clerks, who can talk with them in their native tongues.
Responsible brokers exchange their foreign coin and currency at par
market value. There is an employment bureau to find work for those
who do not care to go any farther. A physician is in attendance, and
the sick are properly cared for in a temporary hospital until they
are transported to the immigrant hospitals on Ward’s Island.

In view of the fact that about two-thirds of all the foreign
immigration to the United States land at New York, it is, indeed,
a noble institution that meets these strangers with such generous
provisions for their wants. According to an article in “The American
Cyclopedia,” of the 5,033,392 immigrants arriving at New York between
May 5, 1847, and Jan. 1, 1873, for whom commutation money was paid
by the vessel-owners, “all of whom received protection, advice,
and information from the commissions, 1,465,579 were provided and
cared for out of the immigrant fund, for a greater or less period
during the five years subsequent to their arrival; 398,643 received
treatment and care in the institutions of the commissioners; 449,275
were temporarily supplied with board and lodging and money relief in
the city of New York; 349,936 were provided with employment through
the labor bureau at Castle Garden; 53,083 were forwarded from Castle
Garden to their destination in the United States, or returned to
Europe at their own request; and 214,642 were relieved and provided
for in various parts of the State of New York,” all out of this
immigrant fund. In 1872-3 bills were introduced into Congress to
supersede this New York Emigration Commission by a National bureau,
but the movement excited great opposition, not only in New York, but
in other quarters, and it ended in failure.


DERIVATION OF SIRLOIN.

  GALENA, Ill.

  Is it true that an English king knighted a roast of beef as Sir
  Loin, and that this was the origin of the name sirloin for a
  certain cut of meat?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—It is true that the great lexicographer, Dr. Johnson,
gave credence and currency to this etymological nonsense, and that
subsequent lexicographers, down to Webster and Worcester, parrot-like
repeated it. But both of our distinguished lexicographers rejected
this popular tradition of a silly freak or pun of James I. or
Charles II. as of no etymological value, and agree that sirloin,
which appears in Johnson’s dictionary for the first time with this
orthography, is derived from the French surlonge, that is, “upper
loin.” In the old English dictionaries, such as Ainsworth’s and
Cotgrave’s, the English word was spelled surloin, and both Webster
and Worcester, while giving sirloin as the usual orthography,
recommend surloin, and authorize it as the preferable spelling.
Skeats’ Etymological Dictionary, Oxford, 1882, vocabulates this word
thus: “Sirloin, an inferior spelling of surloin, q. v.;” and under
surloin says: “Frequently spelled sirloin, owing to a fable that
the loin of beef was knighted by one of our kings in a fit of good
humor.” The king was naturally imagined to be the merry monarch
Charles II., though Richardson says (on no authority) that it was so
entitled by King James I. Both stories are discredited by the use
of the original French surlonge in the fourteenth century. Indeed,
Wedgewood actually cites ‘a surloyn of beef’ from an account of
expenses of Henry VI. But Richardson had the authority of Dean Swift
for referring the pun on surloin to James I. In “Polite Conversation”
Swift says: “But, pray, why is it called a sirloin? Why, you must
know that our King James I., who loved good eating, being invited
to dinner by one of his nobles, and seeing a large loin of beef at
his table, he drew out his sword and in a frolic knighted it.” Which
Swift, in all probability, intended to be taken as a legend, and
nothing more.


NORTH CAROLINA GOLD MINES.

  Give us some information in regard to the extent of mining for the
  precious metals in North Carolina.

  MALCOLM MCMANUS.

_Answer._—There was a time when gold mining in North Carolina was an
important industry. The earliest record at the United States mint of
gold produced in this country was in 1804. In that year a deposit
was made at the mint of gold found in North Carolina. Small amounts,
not exceeding an annual average of $2,500, were received from 1804
to 1823, after which there was a steady increase, as follows: In
1824, total amount received at mint, $5,000; in 1825, $17,000; in
1826, $20,000; in 1827, $21,000; in 1828, $46,000; in 1829, $134,000.
During this last year $2,500 was received from Virginia and $3,500
from South Carolina. A Southern “gold fever” set in, and hundreds of
people went to prospecting all along the Appalachian Mountains, so
that in the next year, 1830, the mint received $212,000 from Georgia,
$204,000 from North Carolina, $26,000 from South Carolina, $24,000
from Virginia, and $2,000 from Tennessee and Alabama. The total
amounts of precious metals from the mines of the South, deposited at
the United States mint from 1804 to 1881, was as follows:

  From Virginia           $ 1,689,797.00
  From North Carolina      10,750,468.64
  From South Carolina       1,429,751.55
  From Georgia              7,869,282.60
  From Alabama                220,892.25
  From Tennessee               86,511.61
                          ——————————————
    Total                 $22,046,703.65

Various causes conduced to the decrease of mining in the South
before the discovery of gold in California, but this latter event
drew away the best miners and most experienced, most enterprising
capitalists engaged in the business, so that the gold product of this
region became insignificant. A revival of mining has set in in North
Carolina, yet the products of the Carolinas and Georgia in 1881 was
only about $275,000.


MEERSCHAUM—SEA FOAM.

  GILMAN, Ill.

  Is meerschaum a product of sea foam, as some persons declare?

  W. C. DUCKHAM.

_Answer._—Meerschaum is a German word, compounded from _meer_,
sea, and _schaum_, foam. It is the name of a fine clay composed of
magnesia, silica, and water in equal parts. When fresh from the pit
it is soft and makes a lather like soap, which gave rise to its
name. After being molded into pipes, these are boiled in oil or wax
and baked until hard.


STATE GOVERNORS.

  ZANESVILLE, Ohio.

  Please give the names and politics of all State and Territorial
  Governors. Also, their salaries and dates of expiration of their
  terms.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The following is a full list of Governors of the several
States and Territories, with their salaries and the times when their
terms end. The politics of Governors is indicated by running the
names of Republicans in Roman, and of Democrats and Fusionists in
italics:

  ———————————————+———————————————————————————+————————————————+———————
     STATE.      |      Governor.            |  End of term.  |Salary.
  ———————————————+———————————————————————————+————————————————+———————
  Alabama        | _Edw. A. O’Neal_          | Dec. 1, 1884   | $3,000
  Arkansas       | _James H. Berry_          | Jan. 2, 1885   |  3,000
  California     | _George Stoneman_         | Jan. 4, 1887   |  6,000
  Colorado       | _James B. Grant_          | Jan. 9, 1885   |  5,000
  Connecticut    | _Thos. M. Waller_         | Jan. 3, 1885   |  2,000
  Delaware       | _Chas. C. Stockley_       | Jan. 31, 1887  |  2,000
  Florida        | _Wm. D. Bloxham_          | Jan. 6, 1885   |  3,500
  Georgia        | _H. D. McDaniel_          | Nov. 3, 1885   |  3,000
  Illinois       | John M. Hamilton          | Jan. 12, 1885  |  6,000
  Indiana        | Albert G. Porter          | Jan. 12, 1885  |  5,000
  Iowa           | B. R. Sherman             | Jan. 14, 1884  |  3,000
  Kansas         | _George W. Glick_[7]      | Jan. 9, 1885   |  3,000
  Kentucky       | _L. P. Blackburn_         | Sept. 5, 1883  |  5,000
  Louisiana      | _S. D. McEnery_           | May 19, 1884   |  4,000
  Maine          | Frederick Robie           | Jan. 7, 1885   |  2,000
  Maryland       | _W. T. Hamilton_          | Jan. 2, 1884   |  4,500
  Massachusetts  | _Benj. F. Butler_[8]      | Jan. 2, 1884   |  4,000
  Michigan       | _Josiah W. Begole_[9]     | Jan. 1, 1885   |  1,000
  Minnesota      | L. F. Hubbard             | Jan. 7, 1884   |  3,800
  Mississippi    | _Robert Lowry_            | Jan. 5, 1886   |  4,000
  Missouri       | _T. T. Crittenden_        | Jan. 12, 1885  |  5,000
  Nebraska       | James W. Dawes            | Jan. 8, 1885   |  2,500
  Nevada         | _Jewett D. Adams_         | Jan. 2, 1887   |  6,000
  N. Hampshire   | Samuel W. Hale            | June 3, 1885   |  1,000
  New Jersey     | _Geo. C. Ludlow_          | Jan. 15, 1884  |  5,000
  New York       | _Grover Cleveland_        | Jan. 1, 1886   | 10,000
  No. Carolina   | _Thomas J. Jarvis_        | Jan. 1, 1885   |  3,000
  Ohio           | Charles Foster            | Jan. 14, 1884  |  4,000
  Oregon         | Zenas F. Moody            | Jan. 1, 1887   |  1,500
  Pennsylvania   | _R. E. Pattison_          | Jan. 18, 1887  | 10,000
  Rhode Island   | A. H. Littlefield[10]     | May 29, 1883   |  1,000
  So. Carolina   | _H. S. Thompson_          | Dec. 30, 1884  |  3,500
  Tennessee      | _Wm. B. Bate_             | Jan. 15, 1885  |  4,000
  Texas          | _John Ireland_            | Jan. 15, 1885  |  4,000
  Vermont        | John L. Barstow           | Oct. 4, 1884   |  1,000
  Virginia       | _W. E. Cameron_[11]       | Jan. 1, 1886   |  5,000
  West Virginia  | _Jacob B. Jackson_        | March 4, 1885  |  3,700
  Wisconsin      | J. M. Rusk                | Jan. 5, 1885   |  5,000
                 |                           |                |
    Territories— |                           |                |
  Arizona        | Frederick Tritle          | Feb. 6, 1886   |  2,600
  Dakota         | Neh. G. Ordway            | May 22, 1884   |  2,600
  Idaho          | John B. Neil              | July 12, 1884  |  2,600
  Montana        | J. S. Crosby              | Aug. 4, 1886   |  2,600
  New Mexico     | Lionel A. Sheldon         | May 5, 1885    |  2,600
  Utah           | Eli H. Murray             | Jan. 27, 1884  |  2,600
  Washington     | Wm. A. Newell             | April 26, 1884 |  2,600
  Wyoming        | William Hale              | Aug. 3, 1886   |  2,600
  ———————————————+———————————————————————————+————————————————+———————



FIRST FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.

  CEDAR FALLS.

  Tell us who brought forward the first fugitive slave law.

  P. G. KLOCK.

_Answer._—In the constitutional convention of 1787 Mr. Pierce Butler,
a delegate from South Carolina, moved the adoption of clause 3,
section 2, article 4 of the Constitution, which reads: “No person
held to service or labor in one State, under the laws thereof,
escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labor
may be due.” The first law to give effect to this constitutional
provision was prepared by a committee of the Senate appointed in
November, 1792. This committee was composed of Mr. Johnston, of
North Carolina; Mr. Cabot, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Read, of
Delaware. In December Mr. Johnston reported a bill which was not
entirely satisfactory. Mr. Taylor, of Virginia, and Mr. Sherman,
of Connecticut, were added to the committee. On Jan. 3, 1793, Mr.
Johnston reported a bill, which, after several days’ consideration,
was passed without a single dissenting voice. On the 4th of February
following, this bill passed the House by a vote of 48 to 7. We cannot
give the text of it, but it gave slave-masters and their agents
summary power to seize, hold, and return fugitives from slavery
to their former bondage, whatever laws the States in which they
were found might pass to the contrary, the matter being one under
jurisdiction of the United States courts.


THE WORLD’S PRINCIPAL TIN MINES.

  ALTONA, Ill.

  Where are the principal tin mines, and of what is this metal
  composed?

  JONATHAN TREXLAR.

_Answer._—Pure tin is an elementary metal, as much so as lead, iron,
silver, or gold. The principal tin-producing country is England.
The Phœnicians traded with England for tin 1,100 years before the
Christian era. There is reason to believe that they got tin from
Spain also; but England was depended on for nearly all the tin used
in Europe until this ore was discovered in Germany in 1240. It was
discovered in Northern Africa, in the Barbary States, in 1640; in
India in 1740; in New Spain in 1782. Tin was mined in Mexico before
the Spanish conquest, and used in T shaped pieces for money, and
in a bronze composition for sharp tools; the principal mines being
at Tasco. Peru has valuable mines of this metal, so have New South
Wales, Australia, and Banca, and Malacca in the Malay peninsula. Tin
has been discovered in Pennsylvania, Missouri, California, and other
States of the Union, but not in quantities to tempt capital to engage
in mining it. The chief tin-producing countries are the following,
arranged in the order of importance: England, about 10,000 tons a
year; Malacca, about 8,500 tons; Australia, about 6,000 tons; Banca,
about 4,000 tons, and Billiton, about 3,000 tons. Both of these
last-named places are islands of the Dutch East Indies.


THE ZERO POINT OF THERMOMETERS.

  O’KANE, Neb.

  Why was not zero on thermometers placed at the freezing point
  instead of 32 degrees below?

  M.

_Answer._—Zero is placed at freezing point on some thermometers,
although this is not the case on the Fahrenheit scale, the one in
common use in England and the United States. When Fahrenheit graded
his thermometer he supposed that there was no greater degree of cold
than had been observed in Iceland, or discovered by experimenting
with freezing mixtures. This point he marked zero; i. e., empty
or nought, as denoting the absence of all heat. It is 32 degrees
below freezing, and corresponds to the cold produced by a freezing
mixture composed of snow and salt, or sal-ammoniac; from which
it has been inferred that this was the test used by Fahrenheit,
the instrument-maker of Amsterdam, who introduced this scale into
common use, and after whom it is named, but who never actually
divulged the secret of his process. It is now known that this is
an arbitrary point, far above the lowest temperature in the polar
regions and several hundred degrees above the greatest cold produced
by artificial methods. In the Reaumer thermometer, generally used
in Germany, and the Centigrade thermometer, commonly used in France
and by scientists of all nations, zero marks the freezing point of
distilled water at the sea level, or under an atmospheric pressure of
14.73 pounds to the square inch. To reduce Fahrenheit to Centigrade,
subtract 32 and multiply by 100/180, or 5/9. Conversely, to reduce
Centigrade to Fahrenheit, multiply by 9/5 and add 32.


THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH CAROLINA.

  RIVERSIDE, Cal.

  I noticed in the _Century_ for December, 1882, page 172, that Chief
  Justice Rutledge was “President of South Carolina from 1776 to
  1778.” What form of government had South Carolina at that time?

  J. M. BAHER.

_Answer._—In 1776 South Carolina, in a Constitutional State
Convention, of which John Rutledge was a member, took on the form of
an independent republic, and soon after Rutledge was made President
and Commander-in-chief of the State forces. He held this office until
1778, when he was succeeded by Rawlins Lownds. The constitution was
modified March 19, 1778, and thereafter the chief State executives
were known as Governors.


OLD-TIME FALCONRY—HAWK’S BELLS.

  PANA, Ill.

  In Barnes’ History of the United States, in the narrative of
  the discovery of Cuba, it is stated the natives bartered their
  valuables for “hawk’s bells.” Please explain the term “hawk’s
  bells.”

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Falconry, or hawking, was a favorite sport with the
nobility and gentry of Europe down to the first half of the
seventeenth century, when the introduction of fowling pieces of a
light and elegant pattern and the art of shooting flying gradually
replaced it. Hawks were trained to mount and pursue game and bring
it to their masters and mistresses, coming and going at the call of
the latter with marvelous docility. The hawks were tricked out with
gay hoods and held until ordered to pursue “the quarry,” or game, by
leathern straps fastened with rings of leather around each leg, just
above the talons, and silken cords called “jesses.” To each of these
leathern straps, or “bewets,” was attached a small bell, shaped in
most cases like the nearly closed sleigh bells of the present time.
In a flight of hawks it was often so arranged that the different
bells made “a consort of sweet sounds.” Bells of this description,
but of the cheapest kind, were among the most popular trinkets used
by the early explorers and traders in bartering with the natives of
America.


SOURCES OF BRITISH REVENUE.

  SYCAMORE, Ill.

  As England receives little or nothing from a tariff, where does
  the money come from to pay the expenses of the government? Who are
  taxed and who are not?

  R. A. S.

_Answer._—It is a mistake to suppose that the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland derives “little or no revenue from tariff” or
custom dues. The following table shows the sources of the national
revenue for the year ending March 31, 1882:

  Customs                                    £19,287,000
  Excise                                      27,240,000
  Stamps                                      12,260,000
  Land and house tax                           2,725,000
  Income tax                                   9,945,000
  Postoffice                                   7,000,000
  Telegraphs                                   1,630,000
  Crown lands                                    380,000
  Interest on advances and Suez Canal shares   1,219,262
  Miscellaneous                                4,136,019
                                             ———————————
      Total                                  £85,822,281

Here is the sum of £19,287,000, or almost $100,000,000, received from
customs, as against $220,410,730.25 collected from the same source
in the United States. 2, The inland revenue, composed of “excise,
stamps, and taxes,” is so distributed as to touch pretty much
everybody.


KANSAS GOVERNORS AND SENATORS.

  SHERMAN CITY, Kan.

  Please give the names of all the Territorial and State Governors of
  Kansas, and the names of Senators from the first.

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—The Territorial Governors of Kansas were A. H. Reeder,
1855; (John L. Dawson, appointed but declined), Wilson Shannon, 1857;
John W. Geary, 1856; R. J. Walker, 1857; J. W. Denver, 1858; Samuel
Medary, 1858. The following is a full list of the State Governors:

  Charles Robinson                        1861
  Thomas Carney                      1861-1864
  S. J. Crawford                     1864-1869
  James M. Harvey                    1869-1873
  Thomas A. Osborne                  1873-1877
  George T. Anthony                  1877-1879
  John P. St. John                   1879-1883
  George W. Glick                    1883-1885

The several Senators in Congress have been or are:

  James H. Lane                      1861-1866
  Samuel C. Pomeroy                  1861-1873
  E. G. Ross                         1866-1871
  Alexander Caldwell                 1871-1873
  Robert Crozier                     1873-1874
  John J. Ingalls                    1873-1885
  James M. Harvey                    1874-1877
  Preston B. Plumb                   1877-1883

Senator Caldwell resigned March 24, 1874, during investigation
for bribery, in securing his election, and was followed by Robert
Crozier, appointed by the Governor to fill the vacancy. Senator
Crozier was succeeded by James M. Harvey, elected by the Legislature
for the remainder of Mr. Caldwell’s full term.


REPUBLICS AND PRESIDENTS.

  BARNARD, Ill.

  Is President the title of the highest officer in every republican
  government?

  ANNA SIERLE.

_Answer._—Yes, unless we take into account the pigmy republics,
or semi-republics, of San Marino and Andorra, the former a rough,
craggy mountain among the Appenines, with a total area of 21 square
miles and a total population of 7,816 persons, and the latter an
isolated valley in the Eastern Pyrenees, shut in between the two
great, jealous powers, France and Spain, with an area of about
300 square miles, and a population variously estimated at from
4,000 to 12,000. Andorra is governed by “the Sovereign Council” of
twenty-four members, which elects one of its members to be Syndic for
life, the chief executive of the State. San Marino is governed by
“the Sovereign Grand Council,” composed of sixty members, of whom
one-third are nobles. There are two heads of this mammoth republic,
called, “Captains Regent,” one chosen from the nobles and the other
from the “bourgeoisie,” or common people, each holding office for
only six months.


THE TAY BRIDGE HORROR.

  MOUNT VERNON, Iowa.

  Were there ever any bodies found after the disaster of the great
  bridge over the Frith of Tay? How long had the bridge been built,
  what were its dimensions, cost, and particulars of the calamity?

  C. N. WARREN.

_Answer._—The enormous but ill-constructed bridge across the Tay at
Dundee, Scotland, was authorized by an act passed in 1870. Work was
begun in June, 1871. It was much injured by a gale Feb. 4, 1877, but
was pushed forward and declared to be completed Aug. 30, 1877. It was
tried on the 25th of the following month, and opened for business on
May 31, 1878. Twenty lives were lost in its construction, and it cost
£350,000, or about $1,750,000. It was 10,612 feet long, and rested
on 85 spans, some of which were 90 feet above low tide. At about
7:15 p. m. on Dec. 28, 1879, less than seventeen months after it was
first opened to traffic—while a North British mail train was crossing
in the midst of a fierce gale—the structure gave way, leaving a gap
of 3,000 feet. The train plunged into the surging sea, and not one
of the ill-fated passengers escaped. There were between 75 and 90
persons on board; exactly how many was never ascertained. Forty-six
bodies were recovered up to April 27, 1880. After the official
inquiry Mr. H. C. Rothery declared that “the bridge had been badly
planned, badly constructed, and badly maintained.” A new bridge, of a
much more substantial character, is now in process of construction.


CAN A SOLDIER ENTER A HOMESTEAD.

  FORT PEMBINA, D. T.

  Can a soldier in the regular army take up a homestead or
  pre-emption claim, and get some other person to make the
  improvements required by law on either of said claims? By answering
  this question you will settle a dispute and greatly oblige,

  HENRY BROWN, Serg’t Co. B, Fifteenth Inf.

_Answer._—Soldiers now in the regular army may perform certain
preliminary acts relating to homestead entries, but they cannot
perfect title to such land until their terms of service have expired.
See instructions in “Copp’s Land Owner,” vol. 2, p. 133, and case
of Charles Harris, “Land Owner,” vol. 6, p. 190. The soldier or
his family must reside on the land at least one year, under any
circumstances, before he can acquire title.


POPULATION OF PEKING.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please state what is the population of Peking, China, and settle a
  dispute.

  DAVID MCGOWAN.

_Answer._—According to the “American Almanac,” which in turn refers
to the famous “Bevolkerung der Erde,” of Gotha, edited by Messrs.
Behm & Wagner, the population of Peking in 1880 was 500,000. Until
within a comparatively recent date the estimates of the population
of that city never ranged below 1,000,000. Cyclopedias generally
estimated it at 1,500,000, and some of them as high as 2,000,000.
Messrs. Behm & Wagner have carefully revised their former statistics
of China, and have reduced their estimate of the total population
of the country fully 55,000,000. The Almanach de Gotha gives the
population of Pekin as uncertain, estimates varying between 500,000
and 1,650,000.


HEBREW NOT A LIVING LANGUAGE.

  RAPID CITY, D. T.

  A Jewish gentleman and myself have had an argument, he asserting
  that Hebrew is a spoken language at the present time. I am of the
  impression that Hebrew ceased to be a spoken language during the
  seventy years’ captivity in Babylon, while he declares that he has
  seen a Jew, directly from Jerusalem, who could talk nothing but
  Hebrew. Can you give us any light on this subject?

  H. H. J.

_Answer._—Hebrew, like Latin and classic Greek, is a literary, and
not a colloquial language. The precise time when Hebrew ceased to
be the living, vernacular language of the Jews is not known. Some
learned Hebraists maintain that they lost the living use of the
Hebrew during the Babylonish captivity, but the weight of argument is
in favor of the belief that they retained the partial use of it for
some time after their return to Palestine, and lost it by degrees. No
decisive evidence, however, shows exactly when it became a virtually
dead language; although there are satisfactory reasons for declaring
that it gave place to a corrupted form of the Aramaic language,
a mixture of Syrian and Chaldean or Babylonish speech called the
Syro-Chaldaic dialect, several hundred years before the Christian
era, and that more than a century before this era it ceased to be
used even as a written language and was thenceforth studied only as
the language of the sacred books, by the learned.


ABANDONMENT OF HOMESTEAD.

  OWATONNA, Minn.

  To settle a dispute, please state whether a person who has “filed”
  on a quarter section of public land, under the homestead laws, and
  has let it go back to the government, can make another homestead
  entry?

  OLD SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—According to “Copp’s Public Land Laws,” as the law allows
but one homestead privilege, “a settler relinquishing or abandoning
his claim cannot thereafter make a second entry; but where an entry
is canceled as invalid for some reason other than abandonment, and
not the wilful act of the party, he is not thereby debarred from
entering again, if in other respects entitled, and may be allowed
credit for fees and commissions already paid, on a new homestead
entry.” Such a claimant must be prepared to show that he did not
voluntarily abandon his first entry.


PHARMACY LAWS AND TRAINED DRUGGISTS.

  HODGES PARK, Ill.

  What States have pharmacy laws, and what is the proportion of
  trained druggists in this country?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Probably all the States have pharmacy laws; that is, laws
regulating the compounding and sale of drugs, but these are loosely
administered in most States, the laws themselves being radically
defective. Most prescription clerks pick up their knowledge of
pharmacy between errands and “by practice,” as it is called, without
even an elementary knowledge of chemistry or any systematic course of
training. There are in all fourteen schools of pharmacy in the United
States; 1 in San Francisco, 1 in Chicago, 1 in Louisville, 1 in New
Orleans, 1 in Baltimore, 1 in Boston, 1 in Ann Arbor, Mich., 1 in
St. Louis, 2 in New York City, 1 in Cincinnati, 1 in Philadelphia, 1
in Pittsburg, 1 in Nashville, and 1 in Washington. All told, they
had only 1,347 students in 1880, of whom they graduated but 186.
There are 284 retail drug stores in Chicago, and it is estimated
that there are more than 1,600 in the State and about 25,600 such
stores in the United States with twice that number of persons
compounding medicines; so that it is a clear case that comparatively
few druggists and prescription clerks are properly educated for their
duties.


AGNOSTICISM.

  ARTHUR, Ill.

  Be so good as to define the word “agnosticism,” as used in
  theological or religio-scientific discourses. I have examined
  several dictionaries and one encyclopedia, and have failed to find
  the word.

  E. J. A.

_Answer._—Agnosticism is a sort of supernatural knownothingism. It is
true that this word is not defined in either Webster’s or Worcester’s
unabridged dictionaries, except in the supplements to the latest
editions, and does not appear in the regular order of subjects in
the popular encyclopedias. It is derived from a Greek word that
signifies “to know not.” Agnosticism then, as used by Herbert Spencer
and his disciples, is the doctrine that, professing ignorance of the
supernatural, neither asserts nor denies the existence of a personal
Deity, and claims that such doctrine can be neither proved nor
disapproved, because of the insufficiency of the evidence furnished
by rational and material nature to warrant a positive conclusion:
or, as others say, because of the necessary limits of the human
mind. Agnosticism is opposed both to the positive assertion of the
skeptic, who denies the existence of a personal God, and the opposite
declaration of the Christian church, or dogmatic theism, affirming
such existence.


PTOLEMY PHILADELPHUS.

  Give a brief sketch of Ptolemy Philadelphus, a celebrated King of
  Egypt, often referred to in books and lectures.

  F. F. SLOAT.

_Answer._—He was the son of that able general of Alexander the Great
who, after the death of that monarch, became King of Egypt under
the title of Ptolemy I. Ptolemy II., surnamed Philadelphus, was
distinguished for his love of learning, patronage of men of letters
and artists, and encouragement of trade and all the arts of peace.
He founded the famous library of Alexandria, the greatest treasury
of ancient learning, and through his efforts the Hebrew Scriptures
were translated into Greek by seventy eminent Hebrew scholars. This
is what is known as the Septuagint version of the Holy Scriptures. He
reigned from 285 to 247 B. C., a period in which the Egyptian Kingdom
reached the highest point of military glory, prosperity, and wealth.


AN INCUBATOR SUCCESS.

  VESPER, N. Y.

For the benefit of readers of THE INTER OCEAN I will give my
experience with an incubator that I built last June, the materials of
which cost $5.50. It holds 234 eggs at a hatching. It took me three
days to build it. As a test trial, about the 15th of June I placed
nine dozen of eggs in the incubator, and in due time I obtained
86 per cent of chicks as the result, which I considered extremely
satisfactory. About the 10th of July I made another trial, using this
time eleven dozen of eggs, and the result was 87 per cent of chicks.
About 6 per cent of the eggs from these two trials which did not
hatch were found on examination to be unfertile, leaving 7 per cent
with dead chicks in the various stages of maturity. These two trials
proved satisfactory, even beyond my most sanguine expectations. On
the 15th of January I procured 204 eggs from the farmers, and placed
them in the incubator for my third trial, but, owing to the extremely
cold weather during the time the eggs were laid, they had become
chilled before being gathered, and, as the result, I only succeeded
in getting forty chicks, or a little less than 20 per cent. To avoid
a second failure, I determined to wait until the cold weather was
over before securing eggs for my next hatching.

  D. A. ROWLAND.


NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.

  SANTA BARBARA, Cal.

  How far west of St. Paul are the cars now running on the Northern
  Pacific Railroad? What is the name of the present western terminus?
  How many miles are completed from the west end? When is it expected
  to be completed?

  E. S. SHEFFIELD.

_Answer._—The company is now running trains with Pullman sleepers
and dining-room cars to Livingston, 1,030 miles west of St. Paul. It
is also running trains from Portland to Second Crossing, 527 miles.
From Livingston to Second Crossing passengers are carried by stage as
follows:

From Livingston to Bozeman, 25 miles, 4 hours.

From Bozeman to Helena, 108 miles, 18 hours.

From Helena to Missoula, 130 miles, 22 hours.

From Missoula to Second Crossing, 80 miles, 16 hours.

The total distance from St. Paul to Portland is 1,900 miles, and the
time 180 hours. The fare from St. Paul to Missoula by rail and stage
is $47.10. The road is to be completed this year.


AMERICAN LITERATI.

  OCONTO, Mich.

  What literary characters has our country produced during this past
  century?

  CARRIE STROUD.

_Answer._—There is space here to mention only a few of the most
prominent American writers of this century. First in poetry stand
Bryant, Prentice, Sigourney, Willis, Holmes, Longfellow, Whittier,
Morris, and Miller. Among the most conspicuous historians are Irving,
Sparks, Lossing, Bancroft, Cooper, Motley, Prescott, Parkman, Parton,
Ramsay, and Greeley. Among novelists, Cooper, Irving, Hawthorne,
Holland, and Mrs. Stowe hold the front rank, although there is
a legion just behind them, some of whom press close upon them.
In the field of essayists, literary, political, theological, and
metaphysical, the catalogue of noted names is too long to admit of
personal designation.


THE ASHTABULA HORROR.

  COTTAGE, Iowa.

  Was there anything in the death of Mr. P. P. Bliss in voluntarily
  remaining with his wife at the time of the railway accident at
  Ashtabula that justifies the charge that he committed suicide? Give
  particulars.

  M. L. PERCIVAL.

_Answer._—Mr. P. P. Bliss, the popular composer of sacred lyrics, and
evangelistic vocalist, perished at Ashtabula, Ohio, in the terrible
railroad disaster consequent on the fall of the Ashtabula bridge on
the night of Dec. 29, 1876. Two engines and eleven cars, with about
160 passengers, were precipitated into the creek, seventy feet
below. The wreck immediately took fire, and before help could reach
the scene more than a hundred persons had perished through the fall
or the flames, or were so badly injured that they afterward died. A
terrible snowstorm and intense cold added to the sufferings of the
survivors. In the midst of this scene of horror and distraction Mr.
Bliss and his wife both lost their lives. It is by no means certain
that Mr. Bliss could have escaped if he had abandoned his wife. If he
could have done so, but perished in the effort to rescue her, such an
act was heroic, and none but an idiot would class him with suicides.


STATESMEN AND MARTIAL HEROES.

  OCONTO, Mich.

  Name five of the greatest American statesmen of early times, and as
  many or more of their greatest successors; also name the principal
  military and naval heroes of our country, and oblige several
  readers.

  CARRIE STROUD.

_Answer._—Five of the greatest American statesmen concerned in the
founding of this Republic were Washington, Franklin, Hamilton,
Jefferson, and John Adams. Seven of the most distinguished successors
of these grand men were DeWitt Clinton, Daniel Webster, Henry Clay,
William H. Seward, Abraham Lincoln, Thaddeus Stevens, and Charles
Sumner. Twelve of the ablest generals this country can boast are
Washington, Gates, and Green, of the revolutionary war; Jackson
and Harrison, of the war of 1812; Scott and Taylor, of the Mexican
war, and Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Thomas, and Meade, of the war
for the Union. Ten of our greatest naval heroes are Paul Jones, of
the revolutionary war; Perry, MacDonough, Porter, Decatur, Hull,
Bainbridge, and Chauncey, of the war of 1812, and Farragut and
Porter, of the last war.


PUBLIC LANDS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.

  GLORIETA, N. M.

  Is there any government land open to pre-emption or homestead in
  Washington Territory. If so, is any of it suitable for agricultural
  purposes?

  MONTEZUMA.

_Answer._—Out of an estimated area of 44,796,160 acres of public
lands in Washington Territory in the beginning, only 17,757,033
acres, or about one-third, had been surveyed up to June 30, 1882, and
a considerable part of this third is still open to purchase or entry
under the general or special land laws. In Washington Territory,
California, Oregon, and Nevada there are great areas of timber and
stone lands for sale under the law of June 3, 1878, at $2.50 per
acre. The “Desert Lands Act” of March 3, 1877, provides for the
sale of certain lands which can be cultivated only by artificial
irrigation, at 25 cents an acre. After deducting these tracts,
mineral lands, coal lands, and saline lands, there are still millions
of acres of lands in Washington Territory subject to pre-emption and
entry under the homestead law, and much of this land is well adapted
to agriculture and grazing.


OLDEST SETTLEMENTS IN THE UNITED STATES.

  PARKERSBURG, Iowa.

  1. What was the first European settlement made in the United
  States, and what was the name of the first child of European
  parents born in this country? 2. What is the length of the Niagara
  River, and what large islands are there in it?

  HOMER L. FORBES.

_Answer._—1. The oldest permanent European settlement within the
present limits of the United States was made at Saint Augustine,
Fla., in 1565. Francisco Vasquez de Coronado, Captain Francisco
de Coronado, and Don Antonio de Espejo, explorers of New Mexico,
occupied, temporarily, various points in that region between the
years 1540 and 1583. The latter of these took possession of a native
pueblo, or town, called Tuoas, or Taos, in the latter year, or
thereabouts, and named it La Ciudad de Santa Fe, which was identical
in site with the present capital of New Mexico. Forts, colonies, and
missions were established in various places in New Mexico by Juan de
Ouate, who was sent there for that purpose between 1595 and 1590.
The next at Jamestown, Va., in 1607, and the next at Albany, N. Y.,
in 1614. It is not known who was the first child of European parents
born within the United States. 2. The Niagara River is thirty-three
miles long. There are no large islands in it except Grand Island and
Goat Island, but there are numerous smaller ones.


THE CONTINENTAL CONGRESS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What was the seat of government during the revolutionary war? Who
  took the place of President, as head of the government?

  JANE EVANS.

_Answer._.—There was no permanent seat of government. The articles of
confederation provided that “Congress shall have power to adjourn at
any time within the year and to any place within the United States,
so that no period of adjournment be for a longer duration than the
space of six months.” When suffered to have its own way Congress
sat, during the war, in Philadelphia, but the “red coats” were as
keen to go to Congress as the average modern politician, and the
patriots, to avoid a row over contested seats, adopted a sort of
methodistic itinerancy, minus the method. Congress was in session
at Philadelphia in December, 1776, when, seeing that the British
were likely to force themselves upon the hospitality of that city,
it adjourned to Baltimore. It returned to Philadelphia, but after
the American defeat at Brandywine, Sept. 11, 1777, it adjourned to
Lancaster, and then to York, Pa. From the first session to the last
the Continental Congress met as follows: At Philadelphia, Sept. 5,
1774, and May 10, 1775; at Baltimore, Dec. 20, 1776; at Philadelphia,
March 4, 1777; at Lancaster, Pa., Sept. 27, 1777; at York, Pa., Sept.
30, 1777; at Philadelphia, July 2, 1778; at Princeton, N. J., June
30, 1783; at Annapolis, Md., Nov. 26, 1783; at Trenton, N. J., Nov.
1, 1784; at New York, Jan. 11, 1785, which continued to be the seat
of Congress until the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. There was no executive head of the United States under the
articles of confederation. These provided that Congress should have
authority to appoint a “Committee of the States,” to consist of one
delegate from each State, to sit in the recess of Congress. The
President of Congress came the nearest to being an executive chief,
but he and the above committee, the “Board of War,” and certain other
special committees or boards were each charged with the execution
of law according to specific provisions in the act itself. Of these
Presidents of the Continental Congress the following shows the names
and the time of their election:

Payton Randolph, of Virginia, elected Sept. 5, 1774.

Henry Middleton, of South Carolina, Oct. 22, 1774.

Peyton Randolph, of Virginia, May 10, 1775.

John Hancock, of Massachusetts, May 24, 1775.

Henry Laurens, of South Carolina, Nov. 1, 1777.

John Jay, of New York, Dec. 10, 1778.

Sam Huntington, of Connecticut, Sept. 28, 1779.

Thomas McKean, of Delaware, July 10, 1781.

John Hanson, of Maryland, Nov. 5, 1781.

Elias Boudinot, of New Jersey, Nov. 4, 1782.

Thomas Mifflin, of Pennsylvania, Nov. 3, 1783.

Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, Nov. 30, 1784.

Nathaniel Gorham, of Massachusetts, June 6, 1786.

Arthur St. Clair, of Pennsylvania, Feb. 2, 1787.

Cyrus Griffin, of Virginia, Jan. 22, 1788.


FIVE SUNDAYS IN FEBRUARY.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  In 1880 February had five Sundays. When will this occur again? This
  question was asked in one of the Chicago dailies recently, and
  received several different answers, none of which were right, or I
  am in error.

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—Usually this event occurs every twenty-eight years, or at
the close of each solar cycle of twenty-eight years; but owing to
the fact that the year 1900 will not be a leap year (for reasons
explained in Our Curiosity Shop not many weeks ago), it will be forty
years before February contains five Sundays, or not until the year
1920.


FORMING STATES OUT OF OTHER STATES.

  FAIRFIELD, Ill.

  Can a State be formed out of part of another State? If not, how was
  West Virginia organized within the original limits of Virginia?

  BYRON.

_Answer._.—Article 4, section 1, clause 1, of the Constitution
of the United States declares that “No new State shall be formed
or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any
State be formed by the junction of two or more States, without the
consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
the Congress.” The erecting of West Virginia into a State was an
incident of the late war. While the convention in session at Richmond
resolved to take Virginia out of the Union, the Unionists of West
Virginia called a convention that assembled at Wheeling May 13,
1861, composed of delegates from twenty-five western counties of the
State. This convention passed resolutions denouncing secession and
providing for a convention of all the counties of Virginia adhering
to the National Government. Delegates representing forty counties
convened in Wheeling on June 11, repudiated the acts of the rebel
convention, and on June 20 elected Francis H. Pierpont Governor
of what they denominated the “reorganized State of Virginia.” A
Legislature was elected, which met in Wheeling on July 2. This body
elected two United States Senators to take the place of the Virginia
Senators which had gone over to the Confederacy. It also provided
for an election, to be held on the 24th of the following October,
to decide upon the formation of a new State, the eastern part of
the State being in possession of the rebels. The people, by a large
majority, declared in favor of a new State, and, at the same time,
chose delegates to a convention to meet at Wheeling Nov. 24, which
convention framed a State Constitution, which was ratified by the
people May 3, 1862. May 13 the Legislature—which claimed, it must be
remembered, to represent the whole State of Virginia, as it certainly
did represent all the loyal part—approved the formation of the new
State under the name of West Virginia, and Dec. 31, 1862, provided
for its admission to the Union. It was held by distinguished jurists
that the government at Richmond having placed itself outside of the
Constitution by the treasonable act of secession, the only legal
legislative body within the State was the one in session at Wheeling,
which consented to the organization of the new State, and that the
terms of the Constitution contained in the clause above quoted had
been met. When Virginia was reconstructed she was admitted on the
understanding that West Virginia was a separate State.


A BRIBE-PROOF PATRIOT.

  HAVANA, Mo.

  Who was it who, when the British tried to bribe him, said: “Poor as
  I am, the King of England is not rich enough to buy me?”

  FLORENCE WYATT.

_Answer._—It was General Joseph Reed, a delegate from Pennsylvania
to the Continental Congress. When approached by one of three British
commissioners, Governor Johnstone, with an offer of £10,000 and the
most lucrative office in America, if he would use his influence to
reunite the Colonies to Great Britain, he answered: “I am not worth
purchasing, but, such as I am, the King of Great Britain is not rich
enough to buy me!”


MASON AND DIXON’S LINE.

  GRANGER, Mo.

  What is Mason and Dixon’s line, and what were the provisions of the
  Missouri compromise? Who were responsible for its repeal?

  R. E. GLOVER.

_Answer._—Mason and Dixon’s line is the concurrent State line of
Maryland and Pennsylvania. It is named after two eminent astronomers
and mathematicians, Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, who were sent
out from England to run it. They completed the survey between 1763
and 1767, excepting thirty-six miles surveyed in 1782 by Colonel
Alex. McLean and Joseph Neville. It is in the latitude of 39 deg. 43
min. 26.3 sec. Missouri was admitted to the Union only after a long
protracted and violent discussion, growing out of a provision in the
State constitution sanctioning slavery. A compromise was finally
effected by which the new State was admitted with slavery, with a
solemn agreement that there should be no more slave States formed out
of territory north of the parallel of 36 deg. 30 min., the southern
boundary of Missouri. In political discussions Mason and Dixon’s line
was understood to mean both of the above lines and the Ohio River,
or, in other words, the boundary between free and slave territory
the country through. When Kansas was thrown open to settlement the
Southerners were determined, despite the Missouri compromise, to try
to make Kansas a slave State. Their Representatives in Congress,
with the exception of a few Whigs, united in favor of a repeal of the
compromise. With the help of the Douglas Democrats in the North and
several pro-slavery Whigs, they carried their point. The consequence
was the bloody struggles between the free-State and pro-slavery
men in the early history of Kansas, which was practically the
inauguration of the war of the rebellion, although the latter did not
burst into full flame until after the election of President Lincoln
and the secession of the Southern States.


RATES OF INTEREST COMPARED.

  FREEPORT, Ill.

  Please give your readers a comparison of the rates of interest in
  England and the United States for several years back.

  A. BORROWER.

_Answer._—Of course rates vary greatly in this country with locality.
Where opportunities for profitable investment are in excess of
capital, as in the Western States, rates are higher than at the
great money centers. The following statement of the average rates of
interest in New York City for each of the fiscal years from 1874 to
1882, inclusive, is taken from the report of the Comptroller of the
Currency:

            Call loans,    Com’l paper,
  Years.     per cent.      per cent.
  1874          3.8            6.4
  1875          3.0            5.8
  1876          3.3            5.3
  1877          3.0            5.2
  1878          4.4            5.1
  1879          4.4            4.4
  1880          4.9            5.3
  1881          3.8            5.0
  1882          4.4            5.4

The average rate of discount of the Bank of England for the same
years was as follows:

                                      Per cent.
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1874             3.69
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1875             3.23
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1876             2.61
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1877             2.91
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1878             3.78
  Year ending Dec, 31, 1879             2.50
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1880             2.76
  Year ending Dec. 31, 1881             3.49
  Fiscal year ending June 31, 1882      4.01


MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT.

  COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa.

  Are there any lady members of either House of Parliament? How many
  members are there in each House, and what are their titles?

  J. A.

_Answer._—There are seven peeresses in their own right entitled
to seats in the English House of Peers. These are the Baroness
Emma Harriet Tyrwhitt; the Baroness Augusta Mary Elizabeth
Cavendish-Bentwick; the Baroness Angela Georgiana Burdett-Coutts; the
Countess Anne S. Leveson-Gower (Duchess of Sutherland); the Baroness
Mary Elizabeth Boscawan; the Baroness Susan North; the Baroness C. E.
H. D. Willoughby. Besides the ladies the House of Peers contains in
all 509 members, viz.: Six princes of the blood; 3 archbishops; 20
dukes; 18 marquises; 114 earls; 26 viscounts; 24 bishops; 225 barons;
16 Scottish representative peers, elected for each Parliament; 28
Irish representative peers, elected for life. There are also 10 minor
peers, who will be entitled to seats when they attain their majority.
The House of Commons is composed of 639 members, of which 489 are
representatives of counties, universities and towns in England and
Wales; 60 are Scottish and 103 Irish representatives. The title of
honorable is given to members of the House. Some of them have titles
in their own right, as Lord Elcho, Earl Bective, Viscount Galway,
Right Honorable Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, and so on.


BONE DUST AS A FERTILIZER.

  ALMOND, Wis.

  How are bones treated before being used for fertilizing purposes?
  For what crops is bone-dust most used, and on what soils?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—First, they are generally boiled for the oil and glue
or gelatine in them, which do not materially affect their value
as fertilizers. They are then ground or crushed, without being
previously burned. In this state this fertilizer is known as bone
dust, and is sown broadcast at the rate of 50 to 100 pounds to the
acre, as a rich manure for pasture, turnips, and small grain lands.
In Cheshire, England, where the fine red sandstone loam had become
comparatively sterile before the first of this century, through
deficiency of phosphoric acid in the soil, caused by constant
pasturage in dairy farming, they resorted to the use of calcined bone
and bone dust, with the effect of doubling the product the first
year. There they often lay on a half ton to a ton to an acre, which
serves as a good dressing for sixteen to twenty years. The best way
to ascertain whether a soil needs bone dust is to experiment for a
year or two with a small plat of ground. The result will determine
better than a chemical analysis whether a bone dust dressing will pay.


THE AGE OF SANTA FE.

  ATCHISON, Kan.

  Is Santa Fe the oldest of American cities, as the Santa Fe papers
  claim?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Cabez de Vaca, a Spanish adventurer, was in New Mexico
with his shipwrecked party as early as 1535. General Coronado, with
a large military expedition, conquered the Zuni and Moqui towns, or
pueblos, in 1540-41, and kept a journal, still in existence, which
identifies the regions he overran as undoubtedly a part of this
Territory. Don Antonio Espejo left Zacatecas in 1581 according to
some authorities, but late in 1582 according to others, and visited
what is now Santa Fe County, New Mexico, in July of 1583. He gave a
fuller report than had ever been given before of the pueblos of this
region, in which he estimated the population of the province of Taos
as 40,000. The principal pueblo in this province was Tanos, afterward
known as Tegra, and still later as Santa Fe. As an Indian town Santa
Fe may be older than any other town in the United States, but as a
European settlement St. Augustine, Fla., still carries the palm of
antiquity, having been founded in 1565.


JOAQUIN MILLER’S REAL NAME.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is “Joaquin” Miller’s real name, and what were the real and
  assumed names of his divorced wife? The Chicago _Herald_ says his
  name is Henry F. Miller, which I think is incorrect.

  A. STEELE.

_Answer._—The real name of “Joaquin” Miller, author of the “Songs
of the Sierras,” is Cincinnatus Heine Miller. His divorced wife’s
maiden name was Minnie Theresa Dyer, and her literary pseudonym was
“Minnie Myrtle.” It is said that the name “Joaquin” was given to Mr.
Miller by “the boys” in his early California experience, when he was
“roughing it,” from a real or fancied resemblance to a noted Spanish
highwayman, and he adopted it as a pseudonym.


THE BLACKHAWK WAR.

  BATTLE CREEK, Mich.

  Who was the commander in the Blackhawk war? State some of the chief
  facts as to that war.

  V. H. LUCAS.

_Answer._—By a treaty made with certain chiefs of the Sacs and Foxes
at St. Louis in 1804, the Indians ceded all their lands in Illinois
to the United States for the paltry annuity of $1,000 and goods to
the value of $2,234.50. In a treaty made in 1822, covering various
matters, a clause was introduced confirming the cession of 1804.
Still the government did not demand actual possession of these
lands. In 1830, Keokuk, Black Hawk’s rival, negotiated a treaty in
which the government recognized him as the head chief of the Sacs
and Foxes, and in which he clearly ceded all the lands in question.
Black Hawk, who had always opposed any cession of territory to the
whites, was not present at this convention, and he and his followers,
constituting a minority of the tribe, but really representing the
portion most concerned, the actual occupants of the great village at
Rock Island, protested against the validity of this and the previous
cessions. Black Hawk declared that the treaty of 1804 was made by
only four chiefs, that they signed it under the influence of liquor,
and had never been authorized by the tribe to cede lands. It was not
so easy to explain away the clause in the treaty of 1822, but he
characterized it also as a fraud, signed without full understanding
of its intent. As to the convention of 1830, he denied the authority
of Keokuk’s band to deed away the lands east of the Mississippi.

Returning in April, 1831, from the winter’s hunt in the North,
Black Hawk’s band found that their chief’s former friend, an Indian
fur-trader at Rock Island, had purchased of the government the
ground on which this ancient village stood, in the forks of the
Mississippi and Rock River, and with his associate speculators were
preparing to cultivate the Indian field of some 700 acres adjoining
the village. It seems marvelous that Black Hawk could so far restrain
his people as to persuade them to submit to a compromise by which
they yielded possession of half this field for the season to the
speculators. But the latter were not satisfied, and both parties
soon grew irritated. Governor Reynolds, of this State, was asked
to interfere. Soon after the militia were called out. On the 7th
of June General Gaines, of the regular army, commanding at Fort
Armstrong, on Rock Island, summoned the Indians to a council, when
he commanded them to leave the east side of the Mississippi. Black
Hawk refused; but as the State militia, to the number of about 1,600,
under command of General Joseph Duncan, drew near, he saw that his
few hundred warriors would be overwhelmed, and on June 24, during
the night, the Indians deserted their village, which the Americans
a few days later utterly destroyed. On June 30, Black Hawk and his
party signed a treaty by which for the first time he individually
joined in the relinquishment of the lands in dispute. The next
winter found him and his band in a destitute, starving condition,
owing to their being driven from their cornfields at a season when
it was too late to plant elsewhere. In the spring, in defiance of
the treaty, he and 368 warriors with their families, crossed the
Mississippi and passed up Rock River, to plant corn, as they said,
in the Winnebago country, in Southern Wisconsin. General Atkinson,
in command of the regular troops at Fort Armstrong, warned them to
return. Governor Reynolds again called out the militia, and placed
them under command of General Samuel Whiteside. Nothing serious
occurred until the 14th of May, when the rash conduct of a party of
275 volunteers under Major Stillman provoked a fight with some sixty
of Black Hawk’s warriors, near the mouth of the Kishwaukee a few
miles south of Rockford. The whites were panicstricken and fled with
the loss of eleven men. So slow had been the movement of the militia
that already their time of enlistment had nearly expired, and, not
liking this taste of Indian war, they became mutinous, and had to be
discharged. General Atkinson could do little with his mere handful of
regular troops, so he intrenched his company at Dixon and remained
there, while Black Hawk’s followers, re-enforced by a few Winnebago,
Ottawa and Pottawatomie braves, roamed over the country committing
outrages on defenceless settlers, a number of whom were killed.
Affairs grew serious. Governor Reynolds called for 2,000 militia. In
July the regulars and militia, all under the chief command of General
Atkinson, drove Black Hawk up Rock River and across to the Wisconsin
River, where General James D. Henry, the chief hero of this war, in
command of a brigade of Illinois militia, overtook him at Wisconsin
Heights, and inflicted the first serious punishment the Indians had
suffered. Over fifty warriors were killed, and the entire body of
them was badly demoralized. Escaping across the Wisconsin with great
loss, they fled, leaving their dead and dying, and abandoned articles
along their trail. The whole army followed in hot pursuit, and on
Aug. 2, General Henry again struck their main force and drove them
into the Mississippi at the mouth of the Bad Axe. Here the regulars
and the rest of the army joining in, soon cut them to pieces. General
Winfield Scott took command five days later, on Aug. 7, 1831, and
not long afterwards negotiated a treaty of peace. Black Hawk and two
of his sons, with several of his principal warriors, were held as
hostages for a time. After detention at Fortress Monroe until June 5
of the next year, he was released. During his captivity he was taken
to all the principal cities, where his fate elicited a good deal of
sympathy. After his return he lived peaceably with his tribe in Iowa
until his death, Oct. 3, 1838, in the 70th year of his age. He was
buried at Iowaville, Iowa.


THE BERMUDAS.

  GENESEO, Ill.

  Please give a concise history of the Bermuda Islands.

  MRS. M. H. PIERCE.

_Answer._—The Bermudas were discovered successively by Juan
Bermudez, a Spaniard, in 1522; Henry May, an Englishman, in 1593:
and Sir George Somers in 1609; the discovery in each case being due
to the shipwreck of the discoverer. Sir George established the first
settlement shortly before his death. In 1612 these islands were
granted to 120 persons, an offshoot of the Virginia Company, sixty of
whom, led by Henry More, and followed by fugitives from the civil war
in England, commenced the cultivation of the soil, which soon yielded
rich crops of tobacco. Later the salt lagoons furnished the chief
article of commerce. The government consists of a Governor, appointed
by the crown, and a privy council of nine members, appointed by the
Governor. The House of Assembly is composed of thirty-six members,
elected by the people. The acts are revised from time to time, being
passed for a limited period.


LIVE QUESTIONS FOR DEBATE.

  WEST PILOT, Iowa.

  Will you please give some live questions for debate in a lyceum?

  WILLIE G. SPRINGER.

_Answer._—Should an international copyright system be established?
Should the government establish postal savings banks? Should
literary ability be acknowledged and encouraged in this country, as
in England, by grants or pensions from the government? Should the
election of President and Vice President be by direct popular vote,
instead of through the electoral college?


GIVE FOWLS GOOD FOOD AND EXERCISE.

  NEBRASKA CITY, Neb.

  What is the matter with my fowls? They do not seem to be sick, but
  they are languid and do not lay or seem to have any ambition.

  AMANDA.

_Answer._—Perhaps it is because they are too closely cooped and have
not sufficient exercise. Give them plenty of sunlight; keep them dry;
bury a share of their grain in their dusting-place so that they will
have to scratch for it; scatter the rest of their food so that they
will have to exercise in order to get it and can not eat too fast;
give them a variety of dry and cooked food, including cooked meat and
vegetables in the morning and grain at night; and the probability is
that you will see a marked improvement.


THE SULLIVAN-HANFORD MURDER.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  When did Alexander Sullivan shoot Francis Hanford, the Chicago
  school principal? When did his trial take place and before what
  Judge? Was the Judge impeached for his course on that trial? Is it
  certainly so that this is the same Sullivan who is now at the head
  of the Irish National League of America? One friend says it is and
  another says that this latter Sullivan is a New Yorker.

  INQUIRER.

  ST. HELENA, Neb.

  Is the Alexander Sullivan, of Chicago, elected President of the
  Irish National League, recently organized in Philadelphia, the same
  man who some years since killed Francis Hanford, the Chicago school
  principal? Why was that Sullivan acquitted?

  JOHN MARTIN.

_Answer._—Alexander Sullivan shot Francis Hanford, Principal of
the North Side High School, Chicago, on Aug. 7, 1876, under the
following circumstances: In an anonymous paper read that afternoon
in the City Council it was charged that Mrs. Alexander Sullivan had
procured the appointment of her husband, as Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, through undue influence over Mayor Colvin. It was
also charged that she was the moving spirit in a corrupt ring that
dictated the management of the public schools. Mr. Sullivan was told
that the author of this paper was Mr. Hanford. At 7 o’clock that
same evening, himself, wife and a younger brother drove up in front
of the Hanford residence as that gentleman was sprinkling his grass
plat, while Mrs. Hanford sat on the door-step looking on. Sullivan
demanded an immediate retraction; after a few words he knocked Mr.
Hanford down. A scuffle ensued which ended in Sullivan’s drawing a
revolver and shooting Mr. Hanford dead in the presence of his family.
He afterward claimed that during the fracas, when Mrs. Sullivan came
up to separate them Mr. Hanford had struck her. On the trial the
prosecution claimed that if this were so, the blow was not directed
or intended for Mrs. Sullivan, but came about in Mr. Hanford’s
efforts to protect himself from Sullivan’s attack. The first trial
of Sullivan began Oct. 17, 1876, and ended Oct. 27 in a disagreement
of the jury. The public was greatly exasperated, and, believing that
the disagreement of the jury was due to the rulings and charge of
Judge McAllister, there was a loud call made by the most respectable
citizens of all classes for his resignation. When the news reached
the Board of Trade such a scene was witnessed as seldom occurs in
such a place. By unanimous consent all business was suspended. In
ten minutes a petition was prepared, asking Judge McAllister to
resign at once. In half an hour it had received 500 signatures, and
by night there were 1,200 names appended, all of members of the
board. The Judge treated this petition and the unanimous condemnation
of the press with silent contempt. Sullivan’s second trial opened
Feb. 26, 1877, before the same judge, and closed March 9 with a
verdict of acquittal. Judge McAllister was never impeached before
any legal tribunal; but at the bar of public opinion he suffered the
condemnation of the intelligent, order-loving element of the entire
country. This Alexander Sullivan is now the President of the newly
organized Irish National League of America.


SECURITY OF NATIONAL BANKS.

  DOWNSVILLE, Wis.

  Are the notes and deposits of the National Banks well secured? What
  is the rate of loss suffered through these banks?

  S. S. C.

_Answer._—The currency issued by National banks is amply secured
by the deposit of registered bonds of the United States with the
Treasurer of the United States. The Comptroller of the Currency
makes frequent inspections of these institutions, and whenever the
market value of the bonds thus deposited falls below the amount of
the circulation issued for the same, he is authorized to demand
additional security in United States bonds or money to the amount
of such depreciation. National bank notes are all printed by the
government, and furnished to the banks only in such quantities as
they are authorized to circulate. As a consequence there can be
no over issues. In case of the failure of a bank to redeem its
circulating notes, the holders may present them for payment at the
Treasury of the United States, where they will be redeemed. The
government is protected against loss by holding a first lien on
all the assets of such banks. Depositors in cases of failure do not
always realize the full amount of their claims, but the history
of banking shows no parallel to the excellence of this system in
respect of the small proportion of loss suffered by depositors. The
loss to all creditors of the United States National banks from the
passage of the act of Feb. 25, 1863, to Nov. 1, 1882, amounted to
only about $400,000 per annum on an average capital of $450,000,000,
and annual deposits averaging $800,000,000, so that the average
loss to depositors during a period of nearly twenty years was but
one-twentieth of 1 per cent per annum.


GOVERNORS OF IOWA.

  ANAMOSA, Iowa.

  Please give a full list of the Governors of this State from the
  organization of Iowa Territory, with the years that they were in
  office.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The Territorial Governors of Iowa were:

  Robert Lucas          1838-41
  John Chambers         1841-46
  James Clark           1846-46

Iowa was admitted into the Union as a State Dec. 28, 1846, since when
its Governors have been:

  Ansel Briggs          1846-50
  Stephen Hempstead     1850-54
  James W. Grimes       1854-58
  Ralph P. Lowe         1858-60
  Samuel J. Kirkwood    1860-64
  William M. Stone      1864-68
  Samuel M. Merrill     1868-72
  Cyrus C. Carpenter    1872-76
  Samuel J. Kirkwood    1876-78
  John H. Gear          1878-82
  Buren R. Sherman      1882-

The above does not give the names of the Governors of Missouri,
Michigan, and Wisconsin Territories at the dates when what is now
Iowa was attached to those Territories. After Missouri became a
State, in 1821, Iowa was left without any civil government. From
1834 to 1836 it was attached to Michigan Territory, then embracing
Wisconsin, Stevens T. Mason, Governor. In 1836 Wisconsin Territory
was organized, including Iowa, and the Wisconsin Territorial
Legislature was actually in session at Burlington, Iowa, when news
came from Washington that Iowa had been constituted a separate
Territory. Of course there was nothing left for the “Badgers” but to
pack their carpet bags and decamp for their own Territory, which they
did instanter. Henry Dodge was Governor of Wisconsin while Iowa was
joined to it.


STEEL AND STEEL RAILS.

  MARION, Ind.

  Please explain how steel rails are made.

  ALPHA.

_Answer._—Steel is a carburet of iron, rendered as free as possible
of all foreign matter, such as sulphur, phosphorus, etc. It may be
produced by working pig iron, which contains 4 or 5 per cent of
carbon, in a suitable furnace until the amount of carbon is reduced
to about 1 per cent, the average carbon in good steel. This is a
decarbonizing process. In the other process, which is directly
opposite to this, iron bars, freed of carbon, are heated in contact
with charcoal until they have absorbed the necessary per cent of
carbon. The steel, in the form of ingots, is brought to a proper
heat and welded together in proper quantity to make a rail of given
length and weight. This is then rolled into proper shape by immense
rollers, grooved so as to give the right shape to the rail. Bessemer
steel rails can be cast in molds.


SETTLEMENT OF THE CAROLINAS.

  BURLINGTON, Iowa.

  When and by whom were the States of North and South Carolina
  settled?

  AMERICUS.

_Answer._—A company of Huguenots, many of them soldiers and men of
rank, with Ribault as their leader, while on an exploring tour,
entered a harbor, which they named Port Royal, and being much pleased
with the country, thirty were chosen to begin a colony. Their object
was to search for gold, but failing to discover any they built a
rude ship and put to sea in it. In 1650 a settlement was started
upon the Chowan River by emigrants from Virginia and England, which
was afterward called Albemarle County Colony, and another settlement
near Wilmington, made by planters from Barbadoes, was named Clarendon
County Colony. In 1670 a colony settled upon the banks of the
Ashley River, but ten years later it removed to the present site
of Charleston, S. C. These three colonies were similar in origin
and under the same Governor until 1729, when the two Carolinas were
erected into distinct provinces.


THE GREATEST OF VALLEYS.

  BRIGHTON, Cal.

  Is there any valley in the world larger than the Mississippi Valley?

  C. C. HARRIS.

_Answer._—The Valley of the Amazon is larger than that of the
Mississippi, the former river draining 2,330,000 square miles, the
latter 1,244,600 square miles. The Amazon drains a greater area than
any other river on the globe.


UNITED STATES MINTS AND ASSAY OFFICES.

  FARRAGUT, Iowa.

  How many mints are there in the United States, and where are they?
  What are assay offices, and where are they?

  ADA A. HALL.

_Answer._—This government has coinage mints in Philadelphia, San
Francisco, New Orleans, and Carson City, and a mint at Denver used at
present merely as an assay office. This last and the assay offices at
Boise City, I. T., Helena, M. T., and Charlotte, N. C., are limited
by law to melting and assaying gold and silver bullion and paying for
the same from Treasury funds. There is an assay office at New York
for the testing of foreign coin or bullion bought by the government
to be coined or recoined. All the precious metal purchased for
mintage is computed at the value given it at these assay offices. The
single letters, O., S., C., etc., stamped under the eagle on American
coin indicate where the pieces were minted.


POLITICAL AND GOVERNMENT TOWNSHIPS.

  WINDSOR, Ill.

  Is there any difference between political and “government”
  townships? If so, what is it?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—1. A full township, according to the United States
Government land survey, is six miles square and contains thirty-six
sections. This is often called a “Congressional township,” sometimes
a “government township.” Along the borders of large lakes and
navigable rivers, and particularly next to State boundaries,
fractional Congressional townships are common. For purposes of
township government, fractional townships are in many cases united
with adjoining townships, or two full townships may be joined under
one town organization. In other cases three or more Congressional
townships organize under one or two political town governments,
according to the convenience and wishes of a majority of the
inhabitants. 2. For an explanation of the United States Government
Land Survey, including definition of base lines, ranges, and names
and location of all the principal meridians, see Our Curiosity Shop
of last year.


INTRODUCTION OF POSTAGE STAMPS.

  HORTONVILLE, Wis.

  When were postage stamps first used, and by what Nation?

  P. G. M.

_Answer._—The use of postage stamps, one of the great reforms
advocated by Rowland Hill, was introduced into England through his
efforts May 6, 1840. They began to be used in this country in 1847.


TIMES THAT TRY MEN’S SOULS.

  ROCKFORD, Ill.

  Who was the author of the expression, “These are times that try
  men’s souls?”

  E. D. H.

_Answer._—Thomas Paine, who professed to believe that men had no
souls. During the Revolutionary war, soon after the British captured
Philadelphia, and when the cause of independence was shrouded in
gloom, Paine, who was certainly one of the most spirited, brilliant,
and effective knights of the pen that championed independence, wrote
in “The American Crisis,” “These are times that try men’s souls.”


WHO BURNED MOSCOW?

  ALMA, Wis.

  Did Napoleon burn Moscow, or was it burned by the Russians on his
  approach?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—It is not certain that Moscow was set on fire by official
order. If so, it was by command of Count Rostoptchin, who claimed
that honor after he saw the result, the forced evacuation of the city
by Napoleon and the French army, which had taken possession of it
on Sept. 14 and 15. Some say that it was fired by Russian fanatics
when they knew that Napoleon had taken up his headquarters in the
Kremlin, which they regarded as sacred. The French endeavored to
extinguish the conflagration, which was ruinous to them, as it was
their reliance for winter quarters.


GRADES OF BARLEY.

  OOSTBURGH, Wis.

  1. What constitutes the difference in grades of barley? 2. Wherein
  does the color of barley affect the quality of the grain? 3. How,
  except to gouge the farmer, did the custom of making fifty pounds
  of barley for the bushel originate, the legal standard being
  forty-eight pounds? 4. Are farmers under obligation to conform to
  board of trade rules, contrary to law?

  QUIZ.

_Answer._—1. The following are the rules governing the State
inspection of barley in Chicago: “No. 1 barley shall be plump,
bright, clean, and free from other grain. No. 2 barley shall be
sound, of healthy color, bright or but slightly stained, not plump
enough for No. 1, reasonably clean, and reasonably free from other
grain. No. 3 barley shall include slightly shrunken and otherwise
slightly damaged barley, not good enough for No. 2. No. 4 barley
shall include all barley fit for malting purposes, not good enough
for No. 3. No. 5 barley shall include all barley which is badly
damaged, or for any cause unfit for malting purposes, except that
barley which has been chemically heated shall not be graded at all.”
2. The color of barley is an indication of its age and condition
in several respects. 3. The legal bushel by weight is different
in different States. In California and Nevada it is 50 pounds; in
Wisconsin and most other States it is 48; in Pennsylvania, 47; in
Oregon, 46; in Louisiana it is only 32. Boards of trade make rules
for themselves, one object being uniformity for the whole country.
4. As a rule, statutes fixing the weight per bushel of various
commodities specify that this is to apply only in cases where
contracts fail to specify the weight to be given. When grain is
sold on ’Change the rules of the board determine the weight to be
delivered. Since seller and purchaser are presumed to be acquainted
with these rules, it is hard to imagine how either can justly
complain of being “gouged.”


HERODOTUS.

  CROMWELL, Iowa.

  Please give a short sketch of Herodotus, the father of history.

  FRANK SMITH.

_Answer._—Herodotus, called the “Father of History,” was born at
Halicarnassus, a Dorian city of Asia Minor, B. C. 484. In his youth
he became disgusted with the tyrannical rule of Lygdamis, and
abandoned his home for the island of Samos, upon which he acquired
the Ionic dialect, which he used in writing his history. After
remaining there some time he began his famous travels, visiting
Greece, Asia Minor, Syria, Babylon, and Northern Africa. Returning
to his old home he assisted in the expulsion of Lygdamis and the
establishment of a new ruler. The latter, however, became nearly as
tyrannical as the former, so that Herodotus again looked abroad for a
home. Hearing that a colony was about to leave Athens for Italy, he
joined it and settled, B. C. 443, at Thurrii in that peninsula. At
that place he lived the remainder of his life, writing the history
which has been a lasting monument to his name. It is not known in
what year he died; but it is supposed that he lived to be a very old
man.


A PENSION QUERY.

  IOLA, Ill.

  Please answer the following: A soldier applies for a pension
  because of a disease contracted while in the service, but dies of
  said disease before action is taken by the department, leaving no
  wife but one child, a daughter, under 16 years of age, who dies
  before the claim is allowed; who, if anybody, is entitled to the
  pension?

  J. ROBINSON.

_Answer._—Section 4,718 of the Revised Statutes of the United States
reads as follows: “If any pensioner has died or shall hereafter
die; or if any person entitled to a pension, having an application
therefor pending, has died or shall hereafter die, his widow, or if
there is no widow, the child or children of such person under the
age of 16 years shall be entitled to receive the accrued pension to
the date of the death of such person. Such accrued pension shall not
be considered as a part of the assets of the estate of deceased nor
liable to be applied to the payment of the debts of the said estate
in any case whatever, but shall inure to the sole and exclusive
benefit of the widow or children; and if no widow or child survive
no payment whatsoever of accrued pension shall be allowed, except
so much as may be necessary to reimburse the person who bore the
expenses of the last sickness and burial of the decedent in cases
where he did not have sufficient assets to meet such expenses.”
According to Section 4,707 pensions may be granted to relatives who
were dependent upon the disabled soldier, but these are limited to
the mother, father, or orphan brothers and sisters under 16 years of
age, named in the order of precedence.


SPORTING FEATS.

  CHAMPAIGN, Ill.

  Please answer the following questions: 1. What is the fastest time
  in which dashes of 100, 150, and 200 yards and one mile have been
  made by athletes? 2. What is the greatest record for running long
  and running high jumps without weights or spring-boards? 3. What
  is the longest base-ball throw on record? 4. What is the longest
  foot-ball kick?

  S.

_Answer._—The fastest time for a dash of 100 yards was made by
George Seward, an American, at Hammersmith, England, Sept. 30, 1844,
say 9¼ seconds; the fastest 150 yards was run by George Forbes,
at Providence, R. I., Dec. 20, 1869, say 15 seconds; the fastest
220-yard dash was run by L. E. Myers, at New York City, Sept. 15,
1881, say 22½ seconds. The fastest mile run on record was made by
William Cummings, at Preston, England, May 14, 1881, say 4 minutes
16⅕ seconds. The fastest mile run in this country was made by W.
G. George, at New York City, Nov. 11, 1882. 2. The longest running
long jump, without artificial aid, was made by J. Lane, at Dublin,
Ireland, June 10, 1874, say 23 feet 1½ inches; the greatest running
high jump in Great Britain, 6 feet 3¾ inches, was made by P. Davin,
at Carrick-on-Suir, Ireland; the greatest in America, 5 feet 11
inches, was made by E. W. Johnston, Belleville, Ont. 3. The longest
base ball throw on record was made by John Hatfield, at Brooklyn, N.
Y., Oct. 18, 1872, say 133 yards 1 foot 7½ inches. 4. The longest
foot-ball “place kick,” with a run, is 187 feet 10 inches, made by R.
Young, at Glasgow, Scotland, July 2, 1881.


THE COLOSSEUM.

  LAMONI, Iowa.

  When was the Colosseum at Rome built, and for what purpose? What
  were its dimensions; what is its present use, and who owns it?

  E. B. T.

_Answer._—The Colosseum, or Coliseum, as it is sometimes spelled, was
a colossal amphitheater constructed by the Emperors Vespasian and
Titus. It was in the form of an oval, the longer diameter being 612
feet, the shorter diameter 515 feet, and the height of the walls from
160 to 180 feet. It contained seats for 87,000 persons, and standing
room for 15,000 more. The arena, or oval in the center, where the
gladiators fought and the deadly conflicts with wild beasts took
place, was 281 feet by 176. The walls were of marble, the external
face consisting of four stages, or offsets, adorned with engaged
columns of the three orders of Grecian architecture, Doric, Ionic,
and Corinthian. The lowest three were arcaded, having each eighty
columns and as many arches. Statues, sculptures, figures of chariots,
metal shields, and other embellishments adorned the niches and
salient points. What was the internal structure of this vast building
is not fully understood. The tiers of seats above referred to only
rose to one-half the height of the stupendous walls. Whether there
were hanging galleries above these marble seats is now only a matter
of conjecture. Over 2,000 wild beasts were killed in the dedicatory
service. There were means by which, when the combats were ended, the
immense arena could be filled with water for the exhibition of sea
fights. During the various persecutions of the early Christians, many
of these were thrown to the wild beasts in this amphitheater. One of
the first of these was St. Ignatius, who was torn to pieces by lions.
In the sixth century, when Christianity gained the ascendency, the
church put an end to the use of the Colosseum. It still stood entire
in the eighth century, but subsequently large quantities of the
marble was used in the construction of public and private buildings.
Pope Benedict XIV., in commemoration of the martyrs who had suffered
within its walls, consecrated the Colosseum as a monument to them,
erected crosses and oratorios within it, and so put an end to the
process of destruction. Ever since it has been regarded as sacred to
the martyrs and subject to the church.


WARMING ARCTIC DWELLINGS.

  JOHNSONVILLE, Ill.

  Do inhabitants of the Arctic regions use fire as a means of heating
  their ice or snow-block houses, and for cooking? If so, what kind
  of fuel do they use?

  H. E. T.

_Answer._—The ordinary means of lighting and warming Esquimaux
igloos, or winter huts, is a large basin of oil furnished with moss
wick. These basins are scolloped from soapstone or similar material.
The oil is the product of the whale, seal, or other fish, or of the
white bear, but usually the former. Igloos are huts usually a half
or more underground, and finished above ground with stones, bones,
turf, and moss, and finally with ice and snow. Sometimes they are
constructed of blocks of ice and compact snow, with transparent ice
windows. The igloo is reached by a long tunnel-like entrance, is
unventilated, and soon after the great lamp is lit the heat from this
and the warmth from the bodies of the inmates render the mephitic air
almost suffocating. These people, generally, eat their food raw or
but half cooked.


GOTHAM.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Why is New York City called “Gotham?” What is the origin and
  meaning of Gotham?

  J. C. STARR.

_Answer._—In “Salmagundi,” a humorous work written by Washington
Irving, his brother William, and James K. Paulding, this name
is applied to New York, to suit the purpose of the authors in
representing the inhabitants as given to undue pretensions to wisdom.
Of course, the allusion is to the inhabitants of Gotham, a parish in
Nottinghamshire, England, who were as remarkable for their stupidity
as for their conceit. All the follies of English wiseacres were
attributed to them. Fuller says: “The proverb of ‘as wise as a man of
Gotham’ passeth publicly for the periphrasis of a fool; and a hundred
fopperies are forged and fathered on the townsfolk of Gotham.” It was
said that when King John was about to pass through Gotham toward
Nottingham he was prevented by the inhabitants, who thought that the
ground over which a king passed became forever a public road. When
the King sent to punish them they resorted to an expedient to avert
their sovereign’s wrath. According to this, when the avengers arrived
they found the people each engaged in some foolish occupation or
other, so that the King’s messengers returned to court and reported
that Gotham was a village of fools. In time a book appeared, entitled
“Certain Merry Tales of the Mad Men of Gotham,” compiled in the reign
of Henry VIII., by Andrew Borde, a sort of traveling quack, from whom
the occupation of the “Merry Andrew” is said to be derived. Among
these tales is the story of “The Three Wise Men of Gotham,” who went
to sea in a bowl. The book had a wonderful sale. Walpole attributed
it to Lucas de Heere, a Flemish painter, resident in England in the
time of Queen Elizabeth, but the weight of evidence is in favor of
Borde’s being the author, or compiler, it being mostly a compilation
of popular legends even then from four to five hundred years old.


ST. PETER’S AND COLOGNE CATHEDRAL.

  FOX LAKE, Wis.

  Which is larger, St. Peter’s Cathedral or the cathedral at Cologne?
  Please give the dimensions of both.

  ELLA LYLE.

_Answer._—The dimensions of St. Peter’s at Rome, the largest
cathedral in the world, are as follows: Length of the interior, 613½
English feet; of transept, 446½ feet; height of nave, 152½ feet; and
the diameter of cupola, 193 feet. The height of the dome from the
pavement to the top of the cross is 448 feet. Cologne cathedral is
511 feet long, and 231 feet broad. The towers are 511 feet high. This
famous building, founded by Archbishop Conrad, designed by Architect
Gerhard von Riehl, and commenced Aug. 15, 1248, was not completed
until Aug. 14, 1880. It was solemnly opened with august ceremonies,
Oct. 15, of the same year.


ORIGIN OF CHESS.

  FARMINGTON, Minn.

  Please state the origin of the game of chess.

  O. H. BAKER.

_Answer._—Chess is such an ancient game that its origin is unknown.
Many of the most learned Oriental scholars have written upon the
subject, appealing to history and philology to support their
theories. It has been ascribed to a Chinese mandarin by the name
of Han-Sing, who, it is said, invented it as an amusement for his
soldiers when in winter quarters, about 174 B. C. They call it “the
play of the science of war.” Sir William Jones, the great Sanscrit
scholar, claimed that Hindu traditions, the names of the pieces,
and other particulars indicate that chess was played in India in
the earliest times. He writes that a learned Brahmin assured him
that it was mentioned in several of the oldest books of India, where
it was declared that it was invented by the wife of one of the
most ancient kings of Ceylon to amuse that monarch while Rama was
besieging his metropolis. This, by their reckoning, was 2,000 to
3,000 years before the commencement of our era. On the other hand,
several later scholars of Sanscrit think it was invented in India
by Buddhists some time between the third and ninth centuries, A. D.,
a theory inconsistent with the unwarlike nature of Buddhism and the
fact that the Hindu name of the game, “chaturanga,” is a military
name, signifying the game of armies, corresponding with the Chinese
name for chess, given above. Others have ascribed this game to the
Babylonians, Persians, Scythians, Egyptians, Jews, Greeks, or Romans,
according to their several theories, but the weight of evidence is in
favor of its being of Indian or Chinese origin, and this is now the
generally accepted belief.


STATE SECRETARIES.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Oblige us with a list of the names of Secretaries of State for the
  principal Western States.

  B.

_Answer._—Since the names of the Secretaries of State for Texas,
Oregon, and Washington Territory are called for by another
correspondent, and such information is not within convenient reach
of most persons, we give below a full list of Secretaries of all the
States and Territories. Persons wishing information in regard to
State inducements to immigration, State resources, taxation, etc.,
can usually obtain it by writing to the Secretary of State, who will
transmit the question to the proper officer for the reply called for.

  Alabama—Ellis Phelan.
  Arkansas—Jacob Frolich.
  California—T. L. Thompson.
  Colorado—Melvin Edwards.
  Connecticut—D. Ward Northrop.
  Delaware—William F. Cansey.
  Florida—John L. Crawford.
  Georgia—N. C. Barrett.
  Illinois—Henry D. Dement.
  Indiana—William R. Meyers.
  Iowa—John A. T. Hull.
  Kansas—James Smith.
  Kentucky—James Blackburn.
  Louisiana—William A. Strong.
  Maine—Joseph O. Smith.
  Maryland—James T. Briscoe.
  Massachusetts—Henry B. Pierce.
  Michigan—Henry A. Conant.
  Minnesota—F. Von Baumbach.
  Mississippi—Henry C. Meyers.
  Missouri—Michael K. McGrath.
  Nebraska—Edward P. Roggen.
  Nevada—J. M. Dormer.
  New Hampshire—A. B. Thompson.
  New Jersey—Henry C. Kelsey.
  New York—Joseph B. Carr.
  North Carolina—Wm. L. Saunders.
  Ohio—Sames W. Newman.
  Oregon—R. P. Earhart.
  Pennsylvania—Wm. S. Stenger.
  Rhode Island—J. M. Addeman.
  South Carolina—R. M. Sims.
  Tennessee— ——.
  Texas—Thomas H. Bowman.
  Vermont—George Nichols.
  Virginia—Wm. C. Elam.
  West Virginia—Randolph Stalkner, Jr.
  Wisconsin—Ernst G. Trimme.
  Arizona—George H. Hand.
  Idaho—Thomas F. Singiser.
  Montana—L. D. McCutcheon.
  New Mexico—Wm. G. Ritch.
  Utah—Arthur L. Thomas.
  Washington—N. H. Owings.
  Wyoming—Elliott S. N. Morgan.


CONGRESSMEN-AT-LARGE.

  NEWTON, Iowa.

  Explain what is to be understood by “Congressmen-at-large.”

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—The act of Congress of February, 1882, provided for a
reapportionment of the membership of the House of Representatives,
based on the census of 1880, provided that in the cases of States
entitled under this apportionment to additional representation, the
additional members in the Forty-eighth Congress might be elected on
a general State ticket; also, that in all cases where the number of
representatives was reduced, as in Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont,
the whole number for such State should be elected at large, “unless
the Legislatures of said States have provided or shall provide before
the time fixed by law for the next election of Representatives
therein.” Kansas, for example, which is entitled by this act to
four additional representatives, did not redistrict before the last
Congressional election, and so she elected four Congressmen at large,
viz., Edmund W. Morrill, Lewis Hanback, Samuel R. Peters, and Bishop
W. Perkins. Maine did not redistrict, so all her representatives were
elected at large, instead of by districts.


CONTESTANTS OF SEATS IN CONGRESS.

  BLOOMINGTON, Iowa.

  To settle a dispute between me and a Greenbacker, who claims that
  when a seat is contested in Congress the contestant doesn’t draw
  any pay if he fails to get the seat, except his expenses, while
  I contend that both draw pay until the contest is decided, state
  which is right.

  JOHN TAYLOR.

_Answer._—Section 2 of chapter 182 of “Supplement to the Revised
Statutes of the United States,” par. 15, says: “That hereafter no
contestee or contestant for a seat in the House of Representatives
shall be paid exceeding $2,000 for expenses in election contests; and
before any sum whatever shall be paid to a contestant or contestee
for expenses of election contests he shall file with the clerk of the
Committee on Elections a full and detailed account of his expenses,
accompanied by the vouchers and receipts of each item, which shall
be sworn to by the party presenting the same.” Nevertheless it
is customary for Congress to vote compensation to contestants by
appropriations in the nature of “relief bills,” where each case is
presumed to stand on its own merits.


BALLOONS AND THEIR PERFORMANCES.

  AUBURN, D. T.

  Please give some facts as to the capacity of balloons; what is
  used to fill them, and what are some of the greatest balloon
  performances?

  L. J. SWARTZ.

_Answer._—The buoyancy of a balloon depends on the weight of the gas
with which it is inflated compared with the weight of common air,
bulk for bulk. Hydrogen is the lightest of all known substances.
A cubic foot of atmospheric air at a temperature of 34 degrees
weighs 527.04 troy grains, while a cubic foot of hydrogen is about
fourteen and a half times lighter than this. Coal gas is about two
and a half times lighter than air. If a balloon would contain 1,000
pounds of atmospheric air at temperature of 34 degrees Fahrenheit,
but filled with coal gas would weigh, all told—covering, gas, and
appendages—600 pounds, it would rise with a force equal to the
difference of these two numbers, or 400 pounds. Mr. Glaisher, not
long since, constructed a balloon containing 90,000 cubic feet of
coal gas, that carried 600 pounds, and rose to the unsurpassed height
of 7½ miles, where the barometer, which stands at about 30 at sea
level, sank to only 7 inches, showing an atmosphere of only about
22 per cent of the weight at sea level. The longest balloon trip on
record is that of the late Professor J. Wise and Mr. La Mountain.
Starting from St. Louis for New York City, they traveled 1,150 miles
in a little less than twenty hours, when, being caught in a contrary
current, they were compelled to desist. Mr. Lowe’s mammoth balloon
was said to contain 700,000 cubic feet of coal gas and have a lifting
power of 22½ tons; but it was badly constructed and accomplished
nothing remarkable. In some 10,000 recorded ascents made since the
Montgolfiers invented their famous balloons, just 100 years ago this
year, there have been but fifteen deaths among 1,500 aeronauts; which
indicates less danger in this business than is generally supposed.


JEFFERSON DAVIS.

  FERRY, Mich.

  1. Give a short biography of Jefferson Davis.

  G. F. PAGE.

_Answer._—Jefferson Davis was born in Kentucky in 1808; first became
prominent in politics as a member of the House of Representatives,
and later as Senator from Mississippi. He served in the Mexican
war, having been educated at West Point. During President Pierce’s
administration Davis was Secretary of War, and was said to rule both
President and Cabinet. In 1857 he was returned to the Senate, where
he remained until chosen President of the Confederacy in 1861. This
office he held for four years. In 1865, after the fall of Richmond,
Davis was captured and imprisoned in Fortress Monroe for two years;
was released on bail in 1867, and finally liberated by the general
amnesty, Dec. 25, 1868. He is still disqualified from holding any
office of honor or emolument under the General Government.


GOVERNMENT PUBLIC LAND SALES.

  SHELDON, Iowa.

  I have heard on good authority of the sale, by officers of
  public land offices, of timber claims at public auction to the
  highest bidder for cash. Is there any authority of law for such a
  proceeding?

  C. H. COTTLE.

_Answer._—Where large bodies of land are to be sold, a proclamation
is issued in the name of the President, describing the tracts, and
specifying the time and place of sale. When only a few isolated
tracts of land, not embraced in the regular proclamations, are to
be disposed of, notice is given in a local newspaper. The land is
then sold to the highest bidder for cash only. Purchasers are not
compelled to reside on or cultivate such lands. As the present
policy of the government is to encourage pre-emption and homestead
settlement and timber culture there are now few public land sales.
Lands that have been offered at public sale but not sold may be
bought at any time thereafter at the local land office if not
withdrawn from market. This is called a private sale or entry.


MAGGIE MITCHELL.

  VICKSBURG, Mich.

Please give a short biography of Maggie Mitchell. What is her present
age?

  S. C. VAN ANTWERP.

_Answer._—Maggie Mitchell, one of the best-known of American
actresses, was born in New York City in 1832 of Scotch parents, in
very humble circumstances. When very young she was employed in simple
child parts in the old Bowery Theater, for a pittance, which went
to help support the family. When not more than 19 years of age, she
had advanced to playing parts of some importance, and about this
time, 1851, she made her first appearance at Burton’s Theater as
Julia, in the “Soldier’s Daughter,” which was her first capital
success. Soon after this she went on a “starring tour” that proved
profitable and widely extended her reputation. She made her first
appearance in Philadelphia at the Chestnut Street Theater on March
20, 1854, as Constance in “The Love Chase.” Up to 1862 Miss Mitchell
was content to appear in amusing characters, earning the reputation
of a clever comedienne, but about this time she got hold of a clumsy,
heavy dramatization of George Sand’s popular novelette, “La Petite
Fadette.” She applied herself to the animating and popularizing of
this play, and the result is her now famous drama “Fanchon,” many
of the most charming and pathetic parts being entirely of her own
creation. Since June 9, 1862, when she first produced “Fanchon” on
the stage at Laura Keene’s Theater, New York, it has maintained a
living interest which never fails to draw a house. Other plays of her
composition or dramatization have followed, including “Jane Eyre,”
“The Pearl of Savoy,” and “Mignon,” a stage rendering of an episode
in Goethe’s “Wilhelm Meister,” but none have equaled, in popular
esteem, Fanchon. Miss Mitchell was married Oct. 15, 1868, to Henry
Paddock, of Cleveland, her present popular stage manager. Although
she is now 51 years of age, she impersonates the girlish characters
of her repertory with all the sprightliness and youthful vivacity
that won the hearts of her auditors twenty years ago.


ARCHBISHOP LAUD—WHY BEHEADED.

  Please give an account of the life, character, and death of
  Archbishop Laud.

  C. P. B.

_Answer._—William Laud, Archbishop of Canterbury, the son of a
Berkshire clothier, was born in 1573. He was ordained priest in
1601, and became vicar of Stanford in 1607. From this position he
rose rapidly in power, by his executive ability and manifestation
of hatred of Puritanism, until in 1628 he was appointed Bishop of
London. Early in his career he had won the favor of the King, who
thought he saw in him a powerful advocate of the doctrine of the
divine right of kings, though Laud was really more interested in
maintaining the divine right of Episcopacy. In 1617 he attempted,
with the aid of King James, to establish the Episcopacy in Scotland,
but in vain. In 1630 he was made Chancellor of Oxford, the center of
high-church loyalty, and, according to the wish of his sovereign,
attempted to repress Puritanism by slitting noses, clipping ears,
fines, branding, and imprisonment. In the high-commission and
star-chamber courts his power was almost absolute. But gradually he
won the bitterest hatred of the English people, until in March, 1640,
seven years after his appointment to the Archbishopric of Canterbury,
he was imprisoned in the Tower by order of the House of Commons. He
was brought to trial in the House of Lords, Nov. 13, 1693, on charge
of treason and other crimes, of which they acquitted him; but they
soon afterward gave their assent to the ordinance for his execution,
passed by the Commons. He had lived until the Puritans, whom he had
despised and persecuted, had come into power, he had made the Scots
his implacable foes, and nothing less than his blood would satisfy
them. Despite of a royal pardon, by an act of arbitrary power on the
part of Parliament, overriding all constitutional precedents, he was
beheaded Jan. 10, 1644.


VICTORIA’S CHILDREN AND CHILDREN-IN-LAW.

  BATTLE CREEK, Mich.

  Please name Queen Victoria’s children and their husbands and wives,
  and stations in life.

  BELLE SHIPMAN.

_Answer._—The eldest child of Queen Victoria is Victoria Adelaide
Maria Louise, Princess Royal, married to the Crown Prince, Frederick
William, of Germany, Jan. 25, 1858. Her eldest son, the second
child, is the Prince of Wales, Albert Edward, heir-apparent to the
throne; married to the Princess Alexandra, eldest daughter of the
King of Denmark, March 10, 1863. Her third child was Alice Maud Mary,
married to Louis IV., Grand Duke of Hesse-Darmstadt, July 1, 1862;
died Nov. 15, 1878. Her fourth child is Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke
of Edinburgh, married Jan. 23, 1874, to the Grand Duchess Maria of
Russia. Her fifth is Helena Augusta Victoria, married July 5, 1866,
to Prince Frederick Christian, of Schleswig-Holstein. Her sixth is
Louise Caroline Alberta, married March 21, 1871, to John, Marquis
of Lorne, present Governor General of Canada. Her seventh is Arthur
William Patrick Albert, Duke of Connaught, married March 13, 1879,
to Princess Louise Margaret, daughter of Prince Frederick Charles of
Prussia. Her eighth is Leopold George Duncan Albert, Duke of Albany,
married April 27, 1882, to the Princess Helen, daughter of the Prince
of Waldeck. Her ninth is Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodora, still
unmarried. We are not prepared to publish their pictures.


ROUTE TO SINALOA, MEXICO.

  BALDWIN, La.

  What is the route from here to Sinaloa, Mexico? Is the Northern
  part of that State good for the culture of sugar cane? To what
  market would one ship from there?

  M. D. G.

_Answer._—The most direct route from New Orleans would be via the
Southern Pacific and Sonora Railways to Guaymas, 353 miles southwest
of Benson, on the Southern Pacific, where one can take steamer about
the 15th or 16th of each month for Mazatlan, the principal port
of Sinaloa, on the Gulf of California. Sugar cane, oranges, figs,
and other semi-tropical and tropical fruits flourish in Sinaloa;
particularly in the Valley of the Rio del Fuerte. Mazatlan furnishes
a market for the products of the country, or one can ship to San
Francisco or New York direct, via the California and Panama steamers.


FUSIBILITY OF ALLOYS.

  HUDSON, M. T.

  Why does it takes a hotter fire to melt pewter than lead?

  J. B. L.

_Answer._—Pewter is an alloy, composed of tin and lead, sometimes
with a little copper or antimony or bismuth, combined in different
proportions, according to the purposes it is to serve. Plateware,
which has a bright, silvery luster when polished, is composed of
100 parts of tin, 8 parts of antimony, 2 parts of bismuth, and 2 of
copper. Brittannia ware is said to be an alloy of equal parts of
brass, tin, antimony, and bismuth. Now it is characteristic of alloys
that they are always more easily fusible than the least fusible
metal entering into their composition, and some of them, strange to
say, are more fusible than the least fusible of their constituents.
For instance, although bismuth alone requires a heat of 476 degrees
Fahrenheit to fuse it, lead 600 degrees, and tin 442 degrees, an
alloy of these metals composed of five or eight parts of bismuth, two
or five parts of lead, and three of tin, melts at 198 to 200 degrees;
and an alloy of sodium composed of sodium and potassium in certain
proportions melts at 80 degrees, although sodium alone requires 194
degrees and potassium 124 degrees to fuse them. The explanation is
not fully determined, but it is to be found in the laws of chemical
affinity. Different metals expand at different rates in the same
degree of heat, which tends to separate the atoms; and electrical
currents are produced which magnify the heat applied externally.


AUTHOR OF SCHONBERG-COTTA FAMILY.

  LAKE CITY, Iowa.

  Who is the author of “Schonberg-Cotta Family?” Give a short sketch
  of the same, and tell the correct pronunciation of Schonberg-Cotta.

  AGGIE.

_Answer._—The authoress of “Schonberg-Cotta Family” is Mrs. Elizabeth
Rundle Charles, only child of the late Hon. John Rundle, member
of Parliament for Tavistock. She was born about 1826; received a
liberal English education; was encouraged in literary work by her
father; and has written a number of works of fiction of high moral
tone, including the two historical fictions “Schonberg-Cotta Family”
and the “Diary of Kitty Trevylyan,” intended to recall the early
struggles of the two great reformers, Luther and Wesley. Among her
other works are “The Martyrs of Spain and Liberators of Holland.”
It is almost impossible to denote the German pronunciation of “o”
in Schonberg without oral illustrations. Webster says that to utter
this sound one must place the organs in the position for o long and
then try to utter the sound of e in met. All the other syllables in
the compound word, Schonberg-Cotta, are to be pronounced nearly as in
English, except that the e in berg is almost like a long.


GOLD AND SILVER IN THE SEA.

  PEORIA, Ill.

  Is the expression, “There is gold in the sea,” only a poetic
  fiction or is it true? As a friend says that there is gold and
  silver in some kinds of sea water?

  A CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—Sea water is impregnated with certain chemical salts,
including chlorides, sulphates, bromides, iodides, and carbonates,
some of which have the power of dissolving gold and silver or holding
them in solution. The chemist Sonstadt has recently shown that sea
water contains nearly one grain of gold to the ton of water, held in
solution by iodide of calcium; and it has been known for some years
that the old copper stripped from the bottoms of ships is often so
rich in silver taken from the sea that it pays a profit on the cost
of smelting it. It is estimated that the ocean holds in solution
at least 2,000,000 tons of silver. Assuming this to be the metric
ton of 2,204.6 pounds, the above total is equivalent in weight to
77,448,000,000 American standard dollars—nearly seven times the total
silver product of the world from the earliest times to the close of
1879, or $11,315,000, as estimated by that eminent statistician,
the Russian councillor, Otreschkoff. A large discount might be made
from these estimates, and yet there would be enough left, aside from
all the treasures of sunken Spanish galleons and oriental argosies,
to demonstrate that the saying, “There is gold in the sea,” is not
merely a poetic fancy.


FRENCH POOLS—PARIS MUTUALS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Kindly explain “French pools,” or “Paris mutuals,” as used in
  horse-racing circles.

  R. L. K.

_Answer._—“French pools” are sometimes called “Paris mutuals.” This
system of betting consists of selling tickets on each horse at a
certain price. On the race-courses of this country the “mutuals” are
$5 each. When the race is started the tickets are all added up in one
large pool, and those who hold tickets on the winning horse divide
the total pool, less 5 per cent to the pool-seller. For example, in a
Paris mutual, tickets in the pool were sold as follows:

  Horse.             Tickets.  Price.   Total.
  No. 1                 10       $5    $50.00
  No. 2                  9        5     45.00
  No. 3                  4        5     20.00
  No. 4                  7        5     35.00
  No. 5                  8        5     40.00
                                      ———————
    Total                             $190.00
      Less 5 per cent                    9.50
                                      ———————
    Net amount for winners            $180.50

Here there is a net amount of $180.50 to be divided equally between
holders of tickets on the winning horse. In this case, if horse No. 3
wins, each of the four ticket-holders receives $45.12.


THE WIVES OF COLUMBUS.

  CORTLAND, N. Y.

  When was Columbus married and whom did he marry?

  B. S.

_Answer._—Christopher Columbus was twice married. His first wife was
Felipa Munnis Perestrelle, daughter of an able Captain of Prince
Henry of Portugal, called the “Navigator.” He married her in 1471.
His father-in-law’s charts, globes, etc., helped to mature his plans
of discovery. Diego, who accompanied his father on the occasion
when they were reduced to such straits that Columbus begged at the
monastery of La Rabida for bread and water for the child, was the
only issue of this marriage. This wife died in 1483 or thereabout.
He next married Beatriz Enriquez, at Cordova, in 1487. She was the
mother of his second son, Fernando Columbus, who in time became his
father’s biographer.


POSTAGE ON MANUSCRIPT.

  COOKSVILLE, Wis.

  What is the postage rate on manuscript for books or newspapers?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—Ruling 264, page 683 of the Postal Guide for 1883 says:
“All manuscript matter designed for publication in books, magazines,
periodicals, or newspapers is subject to letter postage, unless
accompanied by proof-sheets or corrected proof-sheets of such
manuscript, or of which such manuscript is a correction or addition.”
Ruling 508, page 711, says: “‘Book manuscript’ is a term no longer
used in the postal law. Manuscript accompanied by proof-sheets, and
corrected proof-sheets relating to it, may pass in the mails as
third-class matter in unsealed packages.” The rate for third-class
matter is “1 cent for each two ounces or fractional part thereof.”


PERPETUAL ALMANACS.

  BLOOMINGTON, Ill.

  Please give a rule for finding the day of the week on which any
  historical event occurred when only the day of the month is given.

  CHRONOLOGIST.

_Answer._—This is too much like a question in arithmetic for these
columns, from which all arithmetical problems are ruled out. Several
distinct classes of questions might come up under “Chronologist’s”
query. One of the first considerations is to determine whether the
historical date is given in “old style” reckoning or “new style,” as
a separate rule must be applied in each of these cases. Another rule
applies to dates before the Christian era. Leap years are taken into
account in all these rules. Every example involves an arithmetical
computation. There are “perpetual almanacs” that contain tables and
rules for all such computations. There is a chart published in this
city entitled “Almanac for All Time, Past and Future,” which answers
all queries of this nature.


CHICAGO FLOWER MISSION.

  CANTON, Ill.

  What is the Flower Mission of Chicago? State the nature of its
  work, and how to reach it by letter or express.

  MRS. J. D.

_Answer._—The object of the Chicago Flower Mission is to collect
and distribute flowers among the charitable institutions of the
city; chiefly through the wards of hospitals. The influence of these
cheery tokens of loving sympathy is believed to be most wholesome.
The condition of the mind has, in most cases of disease, a great
effect on the body. Nothing does more to recuperate the sick than a
hopeful, cheerful spirit, and a lively love of life and earnest wish
to recover. Flowers and their associations are delightful reminders
of the world in its fairest phases, and woo the sick back to life
with a tender eloquence akin to love. Letters or offerings of flowers
addressed to the “President of the Chicago Flower Mission, Atheneum
Building, Chicago,” will reach the mission.


LAND ENTRIES BY MARRIED WOMEN.

  ROCHELLE, Ill.

  Please tell whether a married woman can take up government land in
  place of her husband, and oblige at least one of your readers,

  C. A. REYNOLDS.

_Answer._—Under the pre-emption laws, which restrict the pre-emption
privilege to heads of families, widows, or single persons over the
age of 21, who are citizens of the United States or who have declared
their intention to become such, it has been judicially decided: 1.
That if a single woman marry after filing her declaratory statement,
she thereby abandons her right as a pre-emptor, although it is not
so in the case of timber-culture claim or homestead entry; 2. The
“head of a family” means the actual, living head of a family; hence,
that “a deserted wife or one whose husband is a confirmed drunkard
may be the head of a family;” also, that “a married woman who has
minor children and has been abandoned by her husband without cause
and left to support and maintain herself and children, is the head
of a family and entitled to pre-empt in her own name.” Under like
circumstances married women may make homestead and timber-culture
entries. Otherwise a married woman cannot pre-empt government land or
make a homestead or timber-culture entry.


CASUALTIES OF THE CIVIL WAR.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Will you please settle a dispute by telling how many lives were
  lost in our civil war; and how many were so wounded as to seriously
  cripple them for life?

  A READER.

_Answer._—According to the Provost-Marshal General’s report, the
casualties in the Union army from the commencement of the late civil
war to its close, or say until Aug. 1, 1865, were as follows:

    Killed—
  Volunteer officers, white          3,357
  Volunteer enlisted men, white     54,350
  Officers of colored troops           124
  Enlisted men of colored troops     1,790
  Regulars                           1,355
                                    ——————
      Total                         60,976

    Died of Wounds—
  Volunteer officers                 1,595
  Volunteer enlisted men            32,095
  Officers of colored troops            46
  Enlisted men of colored troops     1,037
  Regulars                           1,174
                                    ——————
      Total                         35,959

    Died of Disease—
  Volunteer officers                 2,141
  Volunteer enlisted men           152,013
  Officers of colored troops            90
  Enlisted men of colored troops    26,211
  Regulars                           3,009
                                   ———————
      Total                        183,467

    Discharged for Disability—
  Volunteer officers                 3,058
  Volunteer enlisted men           209,102
  Officers of colored troops           166
  Enlisted men                       6,889
  Regulars                           5,091
                                   ———————
      Total                        224,306

The report of the Adjutant General of the army about five years
later, Oct. 25, 1870, puts the total number of deaths in the Union
army during the rebellion at 303,504, while the Surgeon General of
the army reports the number at 282,955. The Adjutant General reports
the total number killed in battle as 44,238; the Surgeon General
reports 35,408; the former reports the total number who died of
wounds as 33,993; and the latter as 49,205; the former reports the
number who died of disease as 149,043; the latter as 186,216. The
Quartermaster General reports the total number of graves under his
supervision as 315,555; only 172,309 of which have been identified.
Taking all things into consideration, the differences, according to
these several reports from officers of different departments, are, in
most instances, readily accounted for.

According to the only data at hand, the total Confederate losses in
action are estimated as follows: Killed, 51,525; wounded, 227,871.
The number who died of wounds and disease is not stated; according
to a “partial statement” in the American Almanac for 1883, was
133,821. It is not clearly stated whether this includes those killed
on the field.

To the above should be added the losses in the Union and Confederate
navies, amounting in the case of the former to 4,030 killed and
wounded in action; 2,532 died of disease; and 2,070 other casualties.


THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

  INDEPENDENCE, Iowa.

  Will the Curiosity Shop please to give the origin of the Church of
  England, and an outline of its history?

  H. N. BAKER.

_Answer._—The history of the Church of England previous to the
Reformation is closely connected with that of the Roman Catholic
Church. Tradition states that some of the Apostles first carried
Christianity to Britain, and the later work was carried on by Sts.
Augustine, Aidan and Chad. From the eighth till the sixteenth century
the English Church was subject to Rome, and the final separation was
due to the extreme measures adopted at the Council of Trent. But
for 200 years the seed sown by Wycliffe had been bearing fruit and
preparing the people for the great work of Luther. From 1066 to 1356
there was a constant struggle between the civil and ecclesiastical
powers. Then came Wycliffe’s translation into English of the Bible,
and his continued war against some of the leading doctrines of the
Romish Church, which led to the formation of a new sect called the
Lollards, holding views similar to those of the present church.
Despite persecution the new doctrines spread, encouraged by Cranmer,
and later by Queen Elizabeth, until in 1562 the thirty-nine articles
of faith were finally reviewed and adopted, and Protestantism was
recognized as the religion of England. In 1801, by the “Act of
Union,” the Episcopal churches in England and Ireland were united but
the latter church was disestablished and disendowed in 1869.


WILLIAM WALLACE—ROBERT BRUCE.

  VALLEY, Wis.

  1. Will you please give a few of the principal facts in the life of
  Sir William Wallace? 2. Where and when did Robert Bruce die?

  E. F. MARSHALL.

_Answer._—1. Wallace was the younger son of a Scottish knight of
good family in the southwest of Scotland. Neither the date nor the
place of his birth is definitely known, but the former must have been
about 1270. There is nothing certain known of his early life. He
first comes into notice as the leader of an insurrectionary movement
against Edward I. who had usurped the regal rights of John Baliol,
King of Scotland, and held him a prisoner in the Tower of London. In
1297 the rebellion against Edward had become general, and Wallace,
resolved to force the liberation of Baliol and the independence
of Scotland, made preparations to invade England. On the 11th of
September he defeated the English forces under the Earl of Surrey
at Sterling Castle with great slaughter, and, pursuing them into
Cumberland and Northumberland, ravaged that portion of England. On
his return he was made Governor of Scotland, or Regent, in the name
of the imprisoned monarch. This elevation of a man of comparatively
humble birth over the nobility of Scotland excited fierce jealousy
among the latter, which undoubtedly had much to do with the defeat of
the Scots the subsequent year by the English King and an overwhelming
army at Falkirk, July 22. The war was continued with varying fortunes
for seven years, but in 1304 Edward compelled the Scots to submit,
granting amnesty to all the insurgent nobles. Wallace, however, was
excepted from amnesty, and, having been betrayed into the hands
of Edward by his own countrymen, he was carried to London, where,
after a mock trial on the charge of treason, and the endurance of
barbarities of the most savage nature, he was executed Aug. 23, 1305.
His name is held in reverence by all true Scots, who now concede to
him the glory of having roused the Scotch love of country, and led
the way to that sturdy resistance of English oppression which finally
resulted in averting the fate that overtook Ireland. A monument to
Wallace was erected at Abbey Craig, near Stirling, at a cost of
£13,000, and inaugurated Aug. 27, 1869. 2. Robert Bruce, King of
Scots, died at Cardross Castle, on the firth of Clyde, June 7, 1329.


ANNUAL EXPENDITURES OF THE UNITED STATES.

  DIXON, Ill.

  What has been the least expenditure of the United States Government
  in any single year since it was established; also what has been the
  greatest, and what has been the annual expenditure of each year
  since the war?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The gross expenditures of the United States Government
in 1791 amounted to $3,797,436.78. This is the lowest sum, and the
next lowest was in 1793, $6,479,977.97. The greatest amount any
year before the great rebellion was in 1859, during Buchanan’s
administration, when his Secretary of War was so busy arming the
South, $83,678,642.92. The largest amount expended by the government
in any single year was in 1865. Beginning with that year the table
below shows the gross expenditures of the government year by year
down to June 30, 1882:

  1865    $1,906,443,331.37
  1866     1,139,344,081.95
  1867     1,093,079,655.27
  1868     1,069,889,970.74
  1869       584,777,996.11
  1870       702,907,842.88
  1871       691,680,858.90
  1872       682,525,270.21
  1873       524,044,597.91
  1874       724,698,933.99
  1875       682,000,885.32
  1876       714,446,357.39
  1877       565,299,898.91
  1878       590,641,271.70
  1879       966,393.692.69
  1880       700,233,238.19
  1881       425,865,222.64
  1882       529,627,739.12


TRUMAN HENRY SAFFORD.

  AURORA, Ill.

  What has become of that wonderful mathematician, T. H. Safford?
  Does he still retain those remarkable powers which distinguished
  him as a boy? Oblige several readers with a few facts as to his
  life.

  F. STRINGER.

_Answer._—Truman Henry Safford, once widely noticed as “the
remarkable boy mathematician,” was born at Royalton, Vt., Jan. 6,
1836, and graduated at Harvard in 1854. He compiled an almanac
when he was 9 years old, making all the astronomical and other
calculations. When he was but about 14 he calculated the elliptic
elements of the first comet of 1849. He was appointed in 1863 Adjunct
Observer in the Cambridge University, and two years later made
Acting Director. While at this observatory he determined the right
ascension of 1,700 stars and the declination of 450, and made 6,000
transit observations, besides completing Professor Bond’s report of
discoveries in the constellation Orion. On Dec. 28, 1865, he accepted
the post of director of the Chicago Observatory, where he remained
until 1878, making many observations of similar nature to the last
above named. He is now connected with Williams College.


HERO AND LEANDER.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please tell the story of Hero and Leander, illustrated in the
  picture displayed in a window on State street, corner of Adams.

  IGNORAMUS.

_Answer._—Hero was a priestess of Venus. Leander was a youth of
Abydos, a famous city on the Asiatic side of the strait of the
Hellespont, nearly opposite the city of Sestos on the European coast,
where he first saw Hero. It appears to have been a case of love at
first sight, and an intensely ardent case at that. Hero’s office
as priestess, and the resolute opposition of her parents stood in
the way of their union, cold and strong as the swift current of the
Hellespont, which at this its narrowest point, is swift and deep, and
about one and a quarter miles wide. Undaunted by all these obstacles,
Leander swam across the strait every night to visit his beloved, who
directed his course by holding a torch from the upper window of a
tower on the shore. After many delightful meetings, the dauntless
lover was drowned one stormy night, and his body was washed ashore at
the foot of the tower where Hero stood, expecting him. Heartbroken at
the sight, she flung herself from the tower into the sea, and passed
with her lover into the immortality of art and song.


XENOPHON AND GROTE.

  PETERSBURG, Ill.

  1. Please give a sketch of the lives of the historians, Xenophon
  and Grote. 2. Describe the scythed chariots of the Greeks and
  Persians.

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—Xenophon, son of the Athenian, Gryllus, was born B. C.
445-4. He was a pupil of Socrates. He joined the expedition of
Cyrus against Artaxerxes, King of Persia, and in the retreat of the
ten thousand, following the battle of Cunaxa, became the leader
of the Greeks, after the treacherous execution of their former
generals. A full account of the expedition and retreat is given in
his “Anabasis.” Being banished from Athens soon after his return,
he joined the Spartan army, in which he fought against his own
countrymen at Coronea. He lived at Scillus, in Elis, for more than
twenty years (until driven thence by the Eleans), hunting, farming,
and writing. It was there that he wrote the “Anabasis” and the
“Hellenica.” The last years of his life were passed at Corinth, where
he died about 356 B. C. George Grote, politician, historian, and
philosopher, was born at Clay Hill, Beckenham, Kent, Eng., in 1794.
As a statesman he was in sympathy with the leading reforms of his
time, and made several effective speeches in their behalf. His first
work as an author was upon parliamentary reform. The preparation
of his history of Greece occupied thirteen years, and the last two
volumes were published in 1856. In 1865 appeared his work on Plato.
Thereafter he devoted himself to the study of Aristotle. 2. The
scythed chariot was used by the Britons and Persians. It had two
wheels connected by an axle, upon which rested, without springs, the
body of the chariot, consisting of a floor with a semi-circular guard
in front about three feet high. It had no seat, and was open at the
back. In it stood the warrior and his charioteer. Attached to the
rims of the wheels projecting on each side and bristling from the
axle were scythes or blades of swords for cutting down those who came
in the way.


FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE.

  ROBERTS, Ill.

  Tell us something of the birth, education, and work of Florence
  Nightingale, the famous hospital nurse.

  JAMES BOND.

_Answer._—She was born at Florence, Italy, in 1823, being the
daughter of William Shore Nightingale, Embly Park, Hampshire;
she was educated with great care, and was rather notable for her
brilliant accomplishments. Very early she showed great interest in
all institutions for the alleviation of suffering, and later visited
and inspected hospitals throughout Europe. She studied with Sisters
of Charity in Paris their system of nursing in the hospitals of
that city, and was trained also in the institution of Protestant
Deaconesses at Kaiserwerthen, on the Rhine. Later she organized the
Sanitarium for Governesses in London. Soon after the breaking out
of the Crimean war she offered to organize a nursing department at
Scutari, and with the consent of Lord Herbert left England Oct. 21,
1854, reaching Constantinople in time to take charge of the wounded
from the battle of Inkerman. In 1855 she was prostrated by a fever,
the result of overwork, but refused to rest, and remained in Scutari
until the English evacuated Turkey, July 28, 1856. The British army
almost idolized her. For some years Miss Nightingale has been an
invalid, but she has never ceased to plan and work for the welfare
of soldiers. At the close of the Crimean war a fund of $250,000 was
subscribed to enable her to establish a school for the training of
nurses, which is doing a noble work. She has published several books
bearing upon the work to which her life has been devoted.


ARTIFICIAL POULTRY BROODERS.

  WICHITA, Kan.

  What is an “artificial mother” or chicken brooder? Please tell us
  what it looks like and how to use it?

  AN OLD SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—There are two or three illustrations and descriptions
of chicken brooders, but they are all essentially the same thing.
Of course the nearer it comes to being a good substitute for the
hen mother the better it will be. Make a box about three or four
feet square and five or six inches deep, with a board top and a
sheet-iron, or, still better, a zinc bottom. Some tack a lamb skin,
drooping nearly to the bottom, to the top of this box and do not use
artificial heat; but the generally approved plan is to use one lamp
and tin flue like those used in the artificial incubator, hitherto
described, for warming a brooder of this size. Bore several small
auger holes through the top as escape flues for the heat; or, still
better, arrange three or four tin escape pipes of an inch diameter,
as was done in the “heater” of the incubator, dropping them down to
within a couple of inches of the bottom of the box. Next cut a strip
from some old blanket, or other coarse, soft woolen stuff, and tack
it around the lower edge of the box so that it will hang down about
four inches all round. Slash this at intervals of three or four
inches, so that the chicks can push through it. Now set blocks two
inches thick under two corners and three inches thick under the other
two corners, and your brooder is ready for use. Keep the temperature
up to 80 or 90 deg. Keep the box thoroughly clean, and move it
from one dry place to another every day or so. Dust the chicks
occasionally with sulphur or pyrethrum, to keep off vermin, and smear
their feathers here and there with paraffine. On one side of the
brooder there should be a “run” for the chicks to exercise in, which
may be a box covered with laths on top and sides, but with space next
the ground to allow them to run out. For protection against rats at
night cover the whole brooder with a close box perforated with small
auger-holes for ventilation.


RELIGIOUS STATISTICS OF CHICAGO.

  ROCKFORD, Ill.

  What is the present number of churches in Chicago? Does the
  increase of churches and church membership keep pace with the
  increase of population?

  MRS. W.

_Answer._.—Mr. E. F. Cragin, one of the officers of the
Congregational Club of this city, has given some attention to this
subject, and at the last meeting of the club presented the following
figures, based on the census and the number of churches and church
members, computed from the best data at hand:

         Churches                        Ratio of
           and                           Members
  Year.  Missions.  Year.  Population.   to Pop.

  1840       6      1840       4,479     1 to 747
  1851      28      1850      28,269     1 to 1,009
  1862      84      1860     109,260     1 to 1,301
  1870     187      1870     298,977     1 to 1,599
  1880     242      1880     503,185     1 to 2,079

These figures include Protestant and Roman Catholic churches, Jewish
synagogues, two Mormon churches, several Spiritualists societies,
and indeed, every society listed in our city directory as religious
organizations. There are 188 of the 242 churches given for 1880,
which are classed by Mr. Cragin as Evangelical Protestants, of which
38 have services conducted in foreign languages. The population
between 6 and 21 years is given as 155,000, while the total
membership of Sunday schools is but 81,289. By way of postscript Mr.
Cragin remarks that the number of arrests in 1882 was over 33,000, or
1 to 18 of the population.


BRUNO, THE PANTHEIST.

  NORTHWOOD, Iowa.

  Who was “the Philosopher Bruno?”

  L. O. HARMON.

_Answer._—Giordano Bruno, the leader of the modern school of
pantheistic philosophy, was born at Nola, Naples, about the middle of
the sixteenth century. He joined the order of the Dominican Monks,
but becoming dissatisfied with some of their doctrines, was expelled.
He fled first to Geneva, thence to Paris, and finally to England,
meeting with opposition and persecution. In 1585 he returned to
Paris, and in the next year went to Germany, where he studied and
taught. Becoming dissatisfied there, he settled in Padua, Italy, but
was soon after arrested in Venice by officers of the Inquisition,
and burned at Rome in 1600. 2. A sketch of Socrates has rarely been
given. 3. The Credit Mobilier is also fully explained in the bound
volume of “The Curiosity Shop” for 1880.


CITIZENS’ LEAGUE—TEMPERANCE ARGUMENTS.

  MOUNT MORRIS, Ill.

  Favor us with a statement of the precise objects and scope of the
  Citizens’ League of Illinois, and the chief provisions of its
  constitution and by-laws: as we may conclude to form a branch
  organization here.

  W. P. J.

_Answer._—The organization is called “The Citizens’ League of the
State of Illinois.” Its objects are the suppression of the sale
of liquors to minors and drunkards, and the enforcement of the
liquor laws. These objects it aims to effect (1) by enforcing all
existing laws and ordinances, prohibiting the selling or giving of
intoxicating liquors to minors or drunkards, and prohibiting minors
from playing games in places where liquors are sold, (2) by adopting
from time to time such other means as may be deemed necessary, or
as may in experience be found advisable for the accomplishment of
the general purposes of the organization, which is the saving of our
youth from habits of dissipation and vice, and, (3) by organizing
and fostering, especially in every county seat in Illinois, local
leagues, having the same object in view.

Any local league in Illinois, the name of which contains the words
“The Citizens’ League” in addition to words of distinction, and
the constitution of which is in harmony with the object of the
above association, as expressed in section 2 of article 1 of its
constitution, may become a constitutional branch of this league on
the payment of $10 per annum, with power to send three delegates to
each league meeting.

This organization was founded Nov. 25, 1877, immediately after the
riots that were so prevalent throughout the country, commencing
with the terrible outbreak at Pittsburg, Pa., in July of that year.
Prominent citizens of Chicago observed that nearly all the actors
in the gangs of rowdies and loafers that entered manufactories and
other business places, commanding employes to stop work, were youths
under 20 years of age. An investigation of the causes of juvenile
depravity was instituted. They learned that of the 28,035 persons
arrested for crime in Chicago in the year 1877 no less than 6,818
were under 20 years of age, and that 1,782 of these were committed
to the Bridewell. They also learned that in that year the arrests
of minors had increased 720, and the commitments of minors to the
Bridewell had increased 200 over the number in the preceding year.
With a view of verifying these figures and learning the causes of
this wholesale demoralization of the young, they made extensive
tours of observation through the city by day and by night, and they
soon satisfied themselves that it was the liquor and beer saloons
that were transforming the youth of Chicago into vagrants and
desperadoes. They found scarcely a saloon in which there were no
juvenile customers, while in one of them they found 78, in another
93, and in another 147 children, patronizing the bar like adults.
Subsequently detectives were posted at the doors of six prominent
concert saloons on the same evening, with instructions to count all
the people who entered them between 7 p. m. and midnight. At one
door there were counted 1,680 males, 290 females, total, 1,979; at
another, 1,423 males, 58 females, total, 1,741; at another, 2,609
males, 254 females, total, 2,863; at another, 2,658 males, 148
females, total, 2,806; at another, 1,657 males, 163 females, total,
1,820, and at another, 1,591 males, 94 females, total, 1,685. It
was found impracticable to make a separate count of the minors who
entered these places on that evening, but it was plainly seen that of
these 11,618 male and 1,007 female customers an astonishingly large
proportion were boys and girls. And as there were at that time about
3,000 saloons in the city, it was estimated that not less than 30,000
of the children of Chicago were their regular patrons. The police
confirmed this estimate and asserted that, in face of State laws and
city ordinances positively prohibiting the sale of beer and liquor to
minors, which were regarded as dead-letter laws, there were saloon
keepers who made a practice of tempting children into saloons and
making them drunk. The first overt act of the league was the arrest
of one of these monsters named Baker Born, who had been guilty of
enticing into his saloon nine little boys, who were on their way home
from Sunday school, and making them drunk. He was arraigned before
Justice Daniel Scully and promptly fined $25 and costs. The league
drew great inspiration from the public indignation which Born’s crime
excited, and from the promptness with which he was punished; and from
that time to the present it has gone steadily forward, increasing
every year in activity, influence and popularity. The following table
contains a succinct statement of its operations (prosecutions and
outlay) for the first four years of its existence;

  —————————————————+——————+——————+——————+——————+——————
                   | 1878.| 1879.| 1880.| 1881.|Total.
  —————————————————+——————+——————+——————+——————+——————
  Saloon-keepers   |   241|   166|    96|   233|   736
  To Grand Jury    |    81|    90|    50|    60|   281
  Fined by Justice |    83|    85|    13|    83|   264
  Annual Outlay    |$1,400|$1,600|$1,240|$1,542|$5,781
  —————————————————+——————+——————+——————+——————+——————

During the first five months of 1882, 500 saloon-keepers were
prosecuted. Of this number, 40 were sent to the Grand Jury, 294 were
fined by justices, and 35 held for trial.

The effect of the operations of the league on the morals of the youth
of Chicago was instantaneous and permanent. In 1876 the arrests of
minors increased 960, and in 1877 they increased 720; but in 1878,
the first year of the league’s existence, they decreased 1,418, and
in 1879 they decreased 139. And although they have increased slightly
in the last two years, the increase is amply accounted for by the
policy of the city government and the increase of the population,
which increased 204,208 in the last decade, against 188,004 in
the previous decade. But notwithstanding both of these adverse
influences, there have never been as many minors arrested in Chicago
in any year since 1877 as there were in that year. The reduction in
the commitments of minors to the Bridewell was even more marked.
In 1876 these commitments increased 192, and in 1877 they increased
255. But ever since the league was organized they have constantly
decreased. They decreased 211 in 1878; 324 in 1879; 23 in 1880; and
17 in 1881.

For a pamphlet containing an address detailing the origin,
operations, and successes of this league, and a copy of its
constitution and by-law, address the Citizens’ League of Illinois,
127 LaSalle street, Chicago.


HOW TO SECURE A COPYRIGHT.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  I desire to copyright a play. How shall I proceed? What length
  of time will it require, and what will it cost? State any other
  particulars that are important.

  U. R. AKERSTROM.

_Answer._—Every applicant for a copyright must state distinctly the
name and residence of the claimant, and whether right is claimed
as author, designer, or proprietor. A printed copy of the title of
the book, map, chart, dramatic or musical composition, engraving,
cut, print, or photograph, or a description of the painting,
drawing, chromo, statue, statuary, or model or design for work of
the fine arts, for which copyright is desired, must be sent by
mail or otherwise, prepaid, addressed, “Librarian of Congress,
Washington, D. C.” This must be done before publication of the book
or other article. Publication in this connection means the giving
to the public or vending of the article. A fee of 50 cents for
recording the title of the book, dramatic composition, or other
article must be inclosed with the title and application, and 50
cents in addition for each certificate of copyright under seal of
the Librarian of Congress, which will be transmitted by early mail.
One certificate being all that is usually needed, $1 is the total
necessary inclosure. Within ten days after publication of the book
or other article, two complete copies must be sent prepaid to the
Librarian of Congress, to perfect the copyright. Without the deposit
of these copies, not only is the copyright void, but a penalty of
$25 is incurred. No copyright is valid unless notice is given by
inserting in every copy published the following words: “Entered
according to act of Congress in the year 18—, by ——, in the office
of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington;” or else the words:
“Copyright, 18—, by ——.” The law imposes a penalty of $100 upon any
person who inserts the above words or others of the same import, in
or upon any book or other article before he has obtained copyright.
Each copyright secures the exclusive right of publishing the book or
article for twenty-eight years. Six months before the end of that
time, the author or designer, or his widow or children, may secure a
renewal for the further term of fourteen years.


NIHILISM.

  ATHENS, Tenn.

  What is the true meaning of Nihilism?

  S. C. BRUNER.

_Answer._—There is no authoritative definition of Nihilism. Certain
of their leaders define it very differently from others. All of
them seem to be pretty well agreed that society as now constituted
is utterly wrong from foundation to turret, and most of them are in
favor of overturning existing governments, casting to the winds the
prevailing conceptions of individual, family, and social rights, and
returning to a state of anarchy, if need be, to begin the work of
reconstruction anew. _Nihil_ is a Latin word signifying _nothing_,
and the name Nihilists is applied to these radical revolutionists by
the world at large as indicative of the tendency of their doctrines
and political operations, including as they do the assassination of
rulers, the springing of mines, and the firing of palaces, government
offices, and even towns and cities, in the effort to annihilate all
existing doctrines and systems of government. Communism and Socialism
were defined in these columns but a week or two ago.


CLYDESDALES AND NORMANS.

  OSKALOOSA, Iowa.

  State the origin of the Clydesdale and Norman breeds of horses, and
  whether it is proper to call them thoroughbreds?

  T. J. CASTO.

_Answer._—The Norman horses are named from Normandy, France, and,
although distinguished by different names, are probably all of one
blood, the names only being of local origin. James M. Hiatt, in the
“National Register of Norman Horses,” maintains that the Percherons
are derived from the Boulonnais and the Breton horses, the former
of Bourbourg, France, and the latter of Bretagne. The Clydesdale
horse takes its name from a district on the Clyde, in Scotland,
where it was introduced by one of the dukes of Hamilton, who crossed
the native Lanark mares with fine heavy Flemish stallions. It is
proper to speak of “thoroughbred Norman horses,” or “thoroughbred
Clydesdales,” but when the term thoroughbred is used without any
qualifying word it is understood to refer to horses bred for speed,
with undisputed pedigree in the Stud-book.


DESERT LAND ACT.

  RAPID CITY, D. T.

  Is there a “Desert Land Act” under which our government disposes of
  public lands? If so, please explain it.

  A. F. COFFEY.

_Answer._—Desert lands are such as will not produce crops without
artificial irrigation. The act of March 3, 1877, provides that
persons may make entry of such lands in the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada, and the Territories. The applicant for such land
must file a declaration that he is a citizen, that he intends within
three years to reclaim the said tract of desert land by conducting
water thereon. It must be shown by two witnesses, in writing, that
the tract comes within the statutory description of desert lands. At
the end of three years, on proof that the land has been reclaimed by
irrigation, a patent will issue for it on payment of 25 cents an acre.


REDUCTION OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.

  VALLEY CENTER, Kan.

  At the present rate of reduction how long will it take to
  extinguish the public debt?

  W. W. TURNER.

_Answer._—There never has been any uniform rate of reduction of the
National debt. It varies with the changes in the revenue laws, the
business of the country, and appropriations from the Treasury for
other purposes. The pension arrears act has already retarded the
payment of the debt by over $100,000,000, and will continue to be a
heavy drain for years to come. The recent reduction of the tariff and
internal revenue taxes will reduce the National income greatly. The
total debt at the highest point, Aug. 31, 1865, was $2,844,649,626;
on Aug. 31, 1880, fifteen years later, it was $2,105,386,267. This
shows an average reduction of nearly $50,000,000 a year. For the two
years ending June 30, 1882, the reduction was $202,103,376, or over
$101,000,000 per annum. With the recent reductions of the tariff and
internal revenue and the heavy drafts for pensions it is not likely
that this rate of debt reduction will be maintained, a rate which
would extinguish the whole debt by the year 1900. It is proper to add
that, deducting cash in the Treasury August 31, 1865, amounting to
$88,218,055, the net debt at the highest point was $2,756,431,571.


ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHING.

  KANKAKEE, Ill.

  When, where, and by whom was the first electric telegraphing done?

  A. B. DALE.

_Answer._—Professor Morse sent the first message by the electric
telegraph, from Washington to Baltimore, May 27, 1844. The printing
telegraph was suggested in 1837 by Alfred Vail, and a model was made
by Wheatstone four years later, but this process of telegraphy has
never gone into general use.


NORDENSKJOLD, THE DISCOVERER.

  HOLLAND CITY, Mich.

  Please give a short sketch of Professor Nordenskjold, giving date
  of his discoveries in the Arctic regions.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Adolph Eric Nordenskjold (born 1832), was educated at
the University of Borgo, and afterward studied at Helsingfors, an
important naval station on the Baltic. After teaching mathematics
for two years, he was cashiered for his political opinions in 1855,
but returned in the following year only to be again driven from
the country. In 1858, however, he was appointed State Mineralogist
at Stockholm, and in 1867 he married Countess Anna Mannerheim, a
Finnish lady—an event that led him to seek an appointment to the
chair of Mineralogy and Geology at Helsingfors, but the government
again refused for political reasons. Nordenskjold now obtained
naturalization papers as a Swedish citizen, and entered Swedish
politics. He sailed in the Vega, to find a northeast passage, July 4,
1878, and reached Yokohama, via the discovered passage, in September,
1879.


COMMUNISM AND SOCIALISM.

  ATHENS, Tenn.

  What is the meaning of communism and socialism as used in the
  newspapers?

  A READER.

_Answer._.—Communism is the doctrine that society should be
reorganized on the basis of abolishing individual ownership of
property and control of wages, and most of the now generally admitted
rights of individuals in their private and domestic relations, and
substituting therefor community ownership and control of every person
and everything. Socialism is a sort of limited communism. It would
not entirely abolish individual rights of property and personal
self-control, but seeks to force a more equitable distribution of
property, and level the present extreme distinctions between men
of various classes. To effect their purpose radical socialists
have rendered themselves obnoxious to many who would accept most
of the principles laid down by their great leader, Saint Simon, by
advocating resort to revolutionary methods of the most reprehensible
kinds, including in some places the use of dynamite and the
assassin’s dagger.


BISHOP FALLOWS.

  EARLVILLE, Ill.

  Please give a brief outline of the life of Bishop Fallows.

  S. C. HILTON.

_Answer._—Samuel Fallows, D. D., born in England in 1835, was in 1859
ordained to the ministry of the M. E. Church. During the civil war he
was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. He was for seven years
Regent of Wisconsin University; later President of Illinois Wesleyan
University, and, while editor of the _Appeal_, was chosen Bishop
of the Reformed Episcopal Church, July 1, 1876, of which he is now
recognized as one of the ablest prelates and most eloquent orators.


MUSHROOM AND TOADSTOOL.

  RAVANNA, Mo.

  What is a mushroom, and what is the difference between it and a
  frogstool? Give a description of each.

  A READER.

_Answer._—A mushroom is a genus of fungi, including many species,
edible and poisonous. It grows in marshy places during the warm
months. Often the name is restricted to the species used as food,
which is regularly convex, fleshy, dry, and white, with a tinge of
brown or yellow. It is smooth or scaly on the upper surface, never
warty; on the under side the gills are pink when young, and later
turn brown. Toward the top of the fleshy stem is a white, membraneous
ring. The plant is best for food when young, being then in the form
of a ball, covered with a thin membrane. The toadstool (“frogstool”)
resembles the mushroom, but the top is shiny, white, or dark red, and
the gills are perpendicular. This species is poisonous.


STATE SECURITY FOR UNITED STATES LOANS.

  MOULTRIE, Ohio.

  Was there a time in the history of our General Government when its
  credit was so low that it was necessary for one or more States to
  go security for a loan made by it?

  S. R. ROOSE.

_Answer._—There has been no such time since the adoption of the
present Constitution. The nearest the Federal Government ever
came to such a humiliation was in 1860, when, through the cutting
down of the tariff in 1857 and the outrageous expenditures during
President Buchanan’s administration, the National debt had swelled
to over $64,000,000, and money could not be raised on United States
Treasury notes at less than 10, 11, and finally 12 per cent interest.
Then John A. Dix, who succeeded Cobb as Secretary of the Treasury,
about the close of 1860, found the public credit so low that, in
desperation, he recommended to the Committee of Ways and Means that
the States be asked to secure the repayment of money which the
government should borrow, by pledging the repayment for this purpose
of the public deposits received by them in the distribution of the
surplus in the United States Treasury in 1836. However, Congress did
not adopt this recommendation.

During the revolutionary times, before and under the old Articles
of Confederation, Congress had no authority to levy and collect
taxes and customs dues, as it has now. Various plans for raising
money were discussed, all dependent on the sanction of the several
colonial or State Legislatures. The first plan resorted to for using
the credit of the General Government was to issue paper money. Three
modes of doing this were considered: First, “That every colony should
strike for itself the sum apportioned by the Continental Congress;
secondly, that the Continental Congress should strike the whole sum
necessary, and each colony become bound to sink its proportionable
part; thirdly, that the Continental Congress should strike the whole
sum, and apportion the several shares to the different Colonies,”
every Colony becoming bound to discharge its own particular part,
and all the Colonies to discharge the portion which any particular
Colony should be unable to pay. The views of the delegates were
widely divergent, but Congress decided, June 22, 1775—more than
a year before the Declaration of Independence—to issue bills of
credit, not exceeding 2,000,000 Spanish milled dollars, pledging
the faith of the twelve Confederate Colonies for their redemption.
The sum was subsequently increased to $3,000,000, and apportioned,
on the basis of population, among the Colonies that had joined the
confederation—not then including Georgia—as follows:

  Colonies.              Amount.

  New Hampshire        $124,069.50
  Massachusetts Bay     434,244.00
  Rhode Island           71,959.50
  Connecticut            48,139.00
  New York              245,139.00
  New Jersey            161,290.50
  Pennsylvania          372,208.50
  Delaware               37,219.50
  Maryland              310,174.50
  Virginia              496,278.00
  North Carolina        248,139.00
  South Carolina        248,139.00

Each Colony was to pay its respective quota in four equal annual
installments, commencing on the last day of November, 1779; and for
this purpose each was to levy and collect taxes. But, though from
first to last the States insisted upon retaining the power to tax,
and Congress was obliged to trust wholly to them for funds raised
in this manner, they did not tax themselves, as they were in duty
bound to do, and neither contributed as they should have done to
sustain the National Government, nor raised much to sustain their own
organizations, civil and military. “Throughout the entire period from
1774 to 1789,” says Bolles, “only very small sums flowed into the
general treasury from the State treasuries.”

In the spring of 1780 Congress resolved, after a great many
whereases, “to receive silver and gold in payment of the quotas
assigned to the States, at the rate of one Spanish milled dollar in
lieu of $40 of the bills then in circulation.” Subsequent loans were
made, and the debt apportioned among the several States; but the
latter paid but a trifling part of their assessments, as shown by
the following table, giving the assessment on each State on account
of the requisition of Congress for $8,000,000 in November, 1781, and
the amount actually paid to the end of 1783, as given in “Bolles’
Financial History of the United States,” vol. I.:

  State.            Assessment.        Am’t paid.

  New Hampshire        $373,598         $3,000.00
  Massachusetts       1,307,596        247,676.66
  Rhode Island          216,684         67,847.95
  Connecticut           747,196        131,577.83
  New York              373,598         39,064.01
  New Jersey            485,679        102,004.95
  Pennsylvania        1,120,794        346,632.98
  Delaware              112,085         .........
  Maryland              993,996         89,302.11
  Virginia            1,307,594        116,103.53
  North Carolina        622,677         .........
  South Carolina        373,598        344,301.57
  Georgia                24,905         .........
                     ——————————     —————————————
                     $8,000,000     $1,486,154.71

On the other hand, in justice to the “Fathers,” it should be stated
that the several States expended large sums on their individual
accounts, for sustaining the common cause against Great Britain,
aggregating, it was estimated, about $25,000,000; $18,271,786,47 of
which Congress assumed in 1790, after the States had surrendered to
the Federal Government the right to levy and collect all tariffs on
foreign imports. The indebtedness incurred by the States for the
Revolutionary cause and thus assumed by the United States is shown in
the following table:

  New Hampshire                    $282,595.51
  Rhode Island                      200,000.00
  Massachusetts                   3,981,733.05
  Connecticut                     1,600,000.00
  New York                        1,183,716.69
  New Jersey                        695,202.70
  Pennsylvania                      777,983.48
  Delaware                           59,161.65
  Maryland                          517,491.08
  Virginia, including Kentucky    2,934,416.00
  North Carolina                  1,793,803.85
  South Carolina                  3,999,651.73
  Georgia                           246,030.73
                                ——————————————
                                $18,271,786.47

The foreign loans made by the United States during the revolutionary
war pledged the faith of all the States. These amounted in toto
to $150,000 from the Spanish Government; about 8,000,000 guilders
by subscription in Holland, and 18,000,000 livres from the French
Government, besides the free gifts of the French King, “forming an
object,” wrote Franklin, “of at least 12,000,000 livres, from which
no returns but that of gratitude and friendship are expected. These,
I hope, may be everlasting.”


ORIGIN OF JOURNALISM.

  PARIS, Texas.

  1. Were any newspapers or periodicals published before the
  invention of printing? 2. Give a short sketch of the advancement of
  journalism.

  FRANK LEE.

_Answer._—1. At a very early period daily news letters were
circulated, concerning public and official acts, in Rome, Venice, and
China. 2. The first printed newspaper was the _Gazette_, published
in Nuremberg in 1457, and the oldest paper extant is the _Neue
Zeitung aus Hispanien und Italien_, printed in the same city in 1534.
Other countries followed Germany in issuing printed newspapers in
the following order: England in 1622; France, 1631; Sweden, 1644;
Holland, 1656; Russia, 1703; Turkey, 1827. The progress of journalism
has been most rapid in America. The first American newspaper
consisting of three pages of two columns each and a blank page, was
published in Boston, Sept. 25, 1690, under the name of “Publick
Occurences, both Foreign and Domestic,” but it was immediately
suppressed. In 1704 the Boston _News Letter_ appeared, printed on one
sheet of foolscap paper. It flourished for seventy-two years. The
following data will show the advancement in the United States:

  First printing office in 1639.
  First newspaper in 1690.
  First political newspaper in 1733.
  First daily paper in 1784.
  First penny paper in 1833.
  First illustrated paper in 1853.

In 1880 there were published in America (United States and Canada)
10,131 newspapers and periodicals—899 dailies, 8,428 weeklies,
tri-weeklies and semi-weeklies, and 804 monthlies and semi-monthlies.
More than 6,000 of this number belong to the United States, and the
annual circulation is about 1,500,000,000.


WHO VOTE IN GREAT BRITAIN.

  GLENVILLE, Minn.

  What class of persons are allowed to vote for members of Parliament
  in Great Britain?

  T. W.

_Answer._—The “Commons of England” consists of the representatives of
shires or counties, representatives of cities, and representatives
of boroughs. For representatives of boroughs every man is entitled
to vote who is of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity,
provided he is on the last day of July in any year, and has during
the whole of the preceding twelve months been an “inhabitant
occupier,” as owner or tenant, of any dwelling-house within the
borough; has during the time of such occupation been rated (or taxed)
“as an ordinary occupier in respect of the premises so occupied by
him within the borough to all rates made for the relief of the poor
in respect of such premises,” and has paid the said rate; or has
occupied as a lodger in the same borough separately, and as sole
tenant for the time above designated, “a part of one and the same
dwelling house, of a clear yearly value, if let unfurnished, of £10
or upward.” For representatives of counties any man may be registered
as a voter who is of full age, and not subject to any legal
incapacity, who shall be in possession at law or in equity of any
lands or tenements, of copyhold, or any other tenure whatever, except
freehold, for his own lifetime or for the life of another or for any
larger estate of the clear yearly value of not less than £5 over and
above all rents and charges, who is on the last day of July of any
year (and has been during the preceding twelve months) the occupier
as owner or tenant of lands or tenements within the county of the
ratable value of £12 or upward, and has paid all poor rates rated to
him. The qualifications of city electors are not materially different
from those above given. Of the 487 members for England and Wales,
187 represent counties, 295 cities and boroughs, and 5 represent the
three universities.

The qualifications of electors in Scotland and Ireland are somewhat
different. In Scotland, the burgher franchise is given to every man
of full age who has been for twelve months an occupier, as owner
or tenant, of any dwelling, and has paid his poor rates, and not
been in receipt of parochial relief during that time. The lodger
franchise consists in the permission of any lodger to vote who has
occupied in the same burgh separately, and as sole tenant for twelve
months, a lodging worth £10. In the counties the ownership franchise
requires the property to be worth an annual net rental of £5, and
a residential qualification of six months. In Ireland the borough
franchise requires a lodging of the value of £4, where in England it
must be at least £10, the other qualifications being similar to those
required in England.


TYPE-WRITERS.

  CHAPIN, Iowa.

  What are the advantages gained by the use of type-writers? By whom
  were they invented, and where?

  G. W. ADAMS.

_Answer._—Perhaps the earliest form of a type-writer is a rude
machine invented in England in 1714, without any practical fruits.
M. Foucault, sent to the Paris Exposition of 1855 a writing machine
for the blind; but the first of what are now popularly known as
type-writers was patented in 1868, by C. L. Sholes, of Wisconsin.
This has been improved until now it is possible to attain a speed
of seventy-five to eighty words a minute in writing with this
machine, which is fast enough for reporting speeches. The principal
advantages gained are rapidity of execution and legibility. A
type-writer can write with both hands and several fingers in instant
succession, every letter being made with a single light touch instead
of requiring from three to seven distinct strokes and dots, as in
ordinary script.


NOT ONE CENT FOR TRIBUTE.

  EAU CLAIRE, Wis.

  By whom and when was the remark used: “Millions for defense, but
  not one cent for tribute”?

  JOHN J. MAGINNIS.

_Answer._.—An ill-feeling grew up between the United States and
France soon after the breaking out of the great French revolution,
near the close of the last century. France seemed determined that our
government should take active part with it in hostilities against
Great Britain. Washington and the Federal party insisted on strict
neutrality. The French Minister, Citizen Genet, encouraged by the
strong French sympathies of the Republicans of those days and the
almost universal ill-feeling toward Great Britain, undertook to set
President Washington’s proclamation of neutrality at defiance by an
appeal to the people, encouraged the organization of secret political
societies opposed to the administration, and even instituted
recruiting for the French army on American soil. His course became so
obnoxious that Washington demanded his recall. M. Fauchet was sent to
succeed him, but the ill-feeling rather increased than diminished. In
1796 Charles C. Pinckney, of South Carolina, one of our revolutionary
heroes, was sent to France as United States Minister, charged, among
other matters, to negotiate a settlement of all differences, on the
basis of American neutrality. The French Directory treated him with
an incivility almost unbearable, and finally ordered him to quit the
country. He withdrew to Amsterdam for a time, but, on some change
of affairs in France, returned in the early part of 1797, when
Talleyrand, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, declined to treat
further until his government had received a payment from the United
States in the nature of a present or tribute, and threatened war as
the consequence of a refusal. Thereupon Pinckney gave utterance to
the patriotic exclamation, “War be it then; millions for defense,
sir, but not a cent for tribute.” These words were caught up by the
administration party at home and echoed and re-echoed throughout the
land until, in 1798, Congress was nerved to provide a strong naval
armament. Later Washington, who had been succeeded in the Presidency
by John Adams, was called to the chief command of the army, several
French vessels were captured in reprisal for damages inflicted
on American citizens, and an open declaration of war was daily
looked for, when Napoleon I. came into power, and France, satisfied
that the United States was in stern earnest, made overtures for
reconciliation, which resulted in the treaty of 1800, honorable to
all concerned.


RAINFALL OF THE UNITED STATES.

  MASON, Ill.

  Please give the rainfall in different portions of the United States.

  T. M. TRIPLETT.

_Answer._—There is a small circle in Central Florida where the
annual rainfall ranges from sixty to seventy inches. There is a
belt covering Western Alabama, Eastern Mississippi, also Southern
Louisiana for fifty to sixty miles on either side of the Mississippi
River, where it measures from sixty to sixty-four inches. But the
heaviest rainfall in the United States is in Alaska, where it is over
eighty inches, and along the western coast of Oregon and Washington
Territory, between the Cascade Range and the Pacific, increasing
from sixty-eight inches south of the Columbia River to eighty
inches on Puget Sound. In Central Georgia and South Carolina it is
fifty-two to forty-eight; in Central North Carolina and Virginia,
diminishing northward, it is forty-eight to thirty-six. Along the
Atlantic coast, for about seventy-five miles inward, it ranges from
forty-four inches at Savannah to forty in Connecticut, and thence
increases to forty-four in Northern Maine. Along both flanks of the
Alleghanies and Blue Ridge it is nearly uniform at 40. In most of
the region south of the Ohio and Missouri, from Eastern Tennessee to
Eastern Texas, it ranges from 48 inches in the south to 44 in the
north, and the latter is about the average for Southern Indiana and
Southwestern Ohio. The average for Illinois and Northern Indiana
and Pennsylvania is about 40. For Western New York, Northern Ohio,
lower Michigan, Wisconsin, Southeastern Minnesota, and most of Iowa
it ranges from 40 to 32, diminishing toward the great lakes. West
of the Missouri it ranges from 30 inches in Eastern Kansas to 26
in Dakota, and diminishes toward the Rocky Mountains. In Southern
Texas it ranges from 48 near the southeastern corner to 28 on the
Rio Grande, and diminishes to 34 in the northeastern, and 29 in the
northwestern corners. In California the rainfall ranges from 60
inches on the northern coast to 9 or 10 in the south, and diminishes
inland to 8 or 10 in the mountain districts, and still less in the
desert regions. As for the greater part of the region embracing all
the Territories except Alaska, Washington, and Southeastern Dakota,
all of Colorado and Nevada, the western parts of Kansas, Nebraska
and Dakota, and the eastern portion of Oregon, the rainfall varies
between 10 inches and 22. Here and there within this region there are
districts almost rainless. This is most common in Northern Arizona
and Utah.


PESTALOZZI AND FROEBEL.

  DUNLAP, Iowa.

  Please give a short sketch of the lives of the three noted
  educational reformers, Pestalozzi, F. Froebel, and Horace Mann.

  JOHN KEITGES.

_Answer._—Pestalozzi, the famous Swiss educator, was born at Zurich
Jan. 12, 1746. In his youth he was evidently undecided as to what
profession to follow. He was first a theological student and then
a law student. Having purchased some waste land, he turned from
the law to farming, where he became interested in the welfare of
the masses and devoted himself, during the intervals of his work,
to promoting their elevation. Convinced that a rational system of
education would remedy many of the evils of society, he converted his
own house into an orphan asylum, and strove, by judicious blending
of industrial, intellectual, and moral training, to illustrate his
theory of a sound system of national education. The great idea at the
basis of his system of instruction was the necessity of teaching by
object lessons. Objects themselves, and not lessons about objects,
were the means that he used to develop the observing and reasoning
powers. He gave special attention to the moral and religious
training of children, as something distinct from mere instruction
in morals and religion. For two years Froebel, the father of the
kindergarten system, was his pupil and assistant teacher. He died at
Brugg, Switzerland, in 1827. Friedrich Wilhelm A. Froebel, to whom
reference has just been made, was born at Ober-Weissbach, Germany,
April 21, 1782. When sent to school he was so dull that his father,
growing discouraged, took him from study and sent him to work among
the wood-cutters in the forest. Here he became a student of nature
and advanced, as Pestalozzi, upon his farm, to the idea of teaching
from nature. In 1799 he went to school again, but falling into debt,
was imprisoned by his creditors. Soon after his release he became a
pupil and assistant of Pestalozzi, remaining with this great master
from 1807 to 1809. He then began the study of the natural sciences,
but was interrupted by the German and French war of 1813, in which
he enlisted for fatherland. On the restoration of peace he became
curator of the Museum of Mineralogy, under Professor Weiss, at
Berlin. A few years later he began his life as a teacher, which,
in 1826, the year previous to the death of Pestalozzi, he varied
by publishing a work entitled “The Education of Man.” In this book
he declared that man’s life was a succession of stages, each of
which should be progressive. He was especially impressed with the
importance of the first years of childhood as the period in which
to give shape to all their after development. In 1837 he established
the first kindergarten school, at Blankenburg. Having noticed the
restlessness of children, and tendency to finger everything, he took
advantage of these traits to arouse in them a spirit of intelligent
inquiry and investigation. Much of his time was given, in schools of
Germany and Switzerland, to training primary teachers. In the latter
part of his life he gave special attention to the training of young
female teachers, believing them to be best calculated by nature for
the care and management of young children. During the revolutionary
period of 1848, at a time when, through the influence of the great
Middendorff, who had become interested in his kindergarten work, he
hoped to enlist the support of the German Parliament in his system
of teaching, he and his brother Karl were charged with socialistic
tendencies, and an edict was issued forbidding the establishment of
schools “after Friedrich and Karl Froebel’s principles” in Prussia.
This blow utterly disheartened the veteran educator, and he died in
June, 1852, at Marienthal.

A sketch of the life of Horace Mann will be found in Our Curiosity
Shop for 1882.


GENERALS A. S. AND JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.

  BLAINE, Iowa.

  Please give a brief outline of the lives of General A. S. Johnston
  and Joseph E. Johnston.

  READER.

_Answer._—Albert Sydney Johnston served honorably in the United
States army in Mexico and Utah, and at the outbreak of the civil war
was appointed General in the Confederate army. He was killed in the
battle of Shiloh, April 6, 1862, at the age of 59. His native State
was Kentucky. General Joe Johnston was born in Virginia in 1807, and,
after completing the course of study at West Point, fought in the
Seminole and Mexican wars. Receiving the position of Major General
in the Confederate army, he proved himself a dangerous foe in the
Peninsular campaign, in Tennessee, and Carolina. He surrendered to
General Sherman April 26, 1865.


COLD IN DAKOTA.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  In the interview with Mr. Geo. B. Armstrong, Register of the
  Government land office at Huron, D. T., recently published in
  THE INTER OCEAN, he asserts, substantially, that it is colder in
  Chicago with the mercury 5 deg. below zero than it is in Huron with
  the mercury 35 to 38 deg. below. A number of us, who swear by the
  Curiosity Shop, have got into a dispute over this statement and all
  agree to leave it to the editor of “the shop” to decide the matter.
  The question is: Is it as cold in Huron, D. T., as in this city, on
  the average?

  G. H.

_Answer._—In one sense of the word, it is unquestionably colder in
Huron than in Chicago. But Mr. Armstrong has not left our readers in
doubt as to his meaning. He distinctly says: “With the mercury in
the thermometer as low as 35 and 38 degrees below zero, we do not
suffer so much as the people in Chicago with the thermometer at 5
degrees below zero. The air is dry and comfortable.” Here he clearly
discriminates between the cold of the atmosphere and the sense of
cold experienced by human beings. There is no ground for dispute as
to the comparative average winter cold of the climate of Southern
Dakota in and about Huron, and the same at Chicago. The thermometer
shows that the former is several degrees greater than the latter. But
taking cold in the second sense of the word, “the sensation produced
by the escape of heat” from the body; “chilliness or chillness”—see
Webster’s second definition—every one knows by actual experience that
this depends to a considerable degree upon the dryness and stillness
of the atmosphere and the state of the body. Exposed to a high wind
in humid atmosphere not more than 5 or 6 degrees below zero, a person
may freeze to death, when he would endure 35 or 40 degrees below
zero in a dry, still air without serious suffering. Such air is
classed among the poorest of all heat conductors; it belongs rather
to non-conductors. The sensation of cold is due to the conduction of
heat from the body more rapidly than the vital forces can replace
it. Moist air in rapid motion carries off heat with great rapidity.
When the skin pores are open a considerable part of the fluids of
the body exudes through them, dampens the garments, and so renders
them better conductors. The cold and wind evaporate this moisture
in the garments. Evaporation is a cooling process; so when the
pores are not kept almost sealed up by steady cold the body suffers
loss of temperature both by increased conduction and evaporation.
Observations of the United States Signal Service denote that the
atmosphere of the region of Dakota under consideration is dryer,
stiller, and less subject to extreme changes than that of Chicago; so
that it is possible that, while in one sense of the word cold, it is
certainly colder in Huron than it is in Chicago, in the other sense
it may be no colder or not so cold there as here. This is plainly
a question of personal experience, and the best that Our Curiosity
Shop can do to settle this dispute is to give the above facts, and
add that the testimony of many credible witnesses who have tried both
climates is to the effect that, taking the winter through, one feels
the cold there no more, or not so much as here. If a wager turns on
our decision, taking the word cold in its first sense, the answer
given above is definite and positive; taking it in the second sense,
it is indecisive; a case for “a draw.”


ANCHOR ICE.

LAPORTE CITY, Iowa.—In the Curiosity Shop for June 14 I see a
correspondent asks an explanation of ice forming at the bottom of
rivers and remaining there. I saw this ice for the first time three
years ago the past winter, at Waterloo, in this State, where business
kept me most of the time. It excited my curiosity, and I studied
it until satisfied of its origin. The Cedar River runs through the
city, and a dam is built across it giving a power of about eight feet
fall. A short distance below this is a bridge over 600 feet long. The
space between the dam and the bridge is a rock-bottom rapids. Having
occasion to cross the bridge frequently I noticed this ice attached
to the rocks under water after the weather became cold, but not cold
enough to form a solid sheet of ice on the pond. It disappeared and
came again as the weather changed to warm or cold, but ceased to be
formed after the pond was covered with a solid cake of ice, always
forming at the beginning of cold weather. I concluded it was caused
by the formation of fine crystals of ice on the pond not yet frozen
together, which, as they were carried over the dam, were mixed in
the surf below and driven against and stuck fast in the fine moss
covering the rocks, always attached to the side of the rock facing
the fall, the first crystals presenting points to catch the next, and
so the mass, which appeared like water-soaked snow, grew under the
water by accretion, the water being as cold as the ice itself could
not thaw it. I think if the correspondent will examine he will find
anchor ice is formed in rapids or at the foot of falls draining a
smooth expanse of water before the water becomes covered with a solid
sheet of ice, and always on the up-stream side of the rocks in the
bottom.

  T. A. KELLETT.


CHIEF RULERS OF THE WORLD.

  WINDSOR, Ill.

  Please give in “Our Curiosity Shop” the names of the principal
  rulers of the world, with the countries over which they rule.

  M. J. S.

_Answer._—The following table embraces the chief rulers of the world:

                                           Crowned or
  Countries.          Rulers.              inaugurated

  Great Britain       Queen Victoria       1837
  Germany             Emperor William I    1871
  France              President Grevy      1879
  Denmark             Christian IX         1863
  Sweden              Oscar II             1872
  Spain               Alphonso XI          1875
  Portugal            Luis II              1861
  Russia              Alexander III        1881
  Turkey              Abdul Hamid          1876
  Austria-Hungary     Francis Joseph       1848
  United States       Chester A. Arthur    1881


PASSION FLOWER.

  BURLINGTON, Iowa.

  Why is the passion flower so called?

  FLORA.

_Answer._—It was called by this name by the Spanish settlers of
the West Indies and South America, its native region, because they
fancied it to be a representative of Christ’s passion or sacrificial
death. According to this fancy, the leaf symbolizes the spear that
pierced the Savior’s side; the anthers, the marks of the five wounds
made by the spear; the tendrils, the cords or whips with which He
was secured; the column of the ovary, the upright of the cross; the
stamens, the hammers; the three styles, the nails; the filamentous
processes, the crown of thorns; the calyx, the glory or halo; the
white tinge, purity; the blue tint, heaven; and the fact that it
remains open three days typifies his three years’ ministry.


ASBESTOS.

  ABERDEEN, D. T.

  What is asbestos, where is it found, and what valuable properties
  has it?

  H. T. MCLANE.

_Answer._—Asbestos is a fibrous, white, gray, or green mineral,
not easily fusible. The most beautiful specimens come from Corsica
and Savoy, though some are found in the Alps, Pyrenees, and Ural
Mountains, and in North America and New South Wales, while commoner
varieties, such as mountain cork and mountain wood, are found in
Lanarkshire, Tyrol, Dauphiny and parts of Scotland. Its chief value
is its infusibility, and though it possesses little consistency, it
was by the ancients woven into garments, towels, and handkerchiefs,
and has in later times become useful as fireproof roofing, flooring,
and packing in safes, journal boxes, and around steam pipes. Paper
has been made of it, but though at red heat the paper remains
uninjured, the writing disappears. As cloth it is desirable, needing
only to be thrown into the fire to be cleansed. It is said that
Charlemagne had a table cloth of asbestos, which he was wont to throw
into the fire at the close of the meal for the amusement of his
guests.


HOW TO USE AN INCUBATOR.

  ELK GROVE, Wis.

  Our Curiosity Shop has explained how to make an artificial
  incubator; how do you use one after it is made?

  “I.”

_Answer._—Mrs. P. G. Gilman, Paola, Kan.; Mrs. L. R. Stanley,
Cameron, Neb.; C. D., Kalamazoo, Mich., make substantially the same
inquiry.

In the first place be sure to get fresh eggs, which have not been
chilled to death in the nest, and sort out all unfertile ones. After
the eggs have been in the incubator two, or at most three days, you
can tell every egg that is not fertile. By placing the small end to
the eye, looking toward the sun, and moving the head up and down,
you will see a dark spot floating on the top of every fertile egg.
Any egg that remains perfectly clear after being in the incubator
until the fourth day may as well be taken out for use or for market,
since it will never hatch. Some persons recommend the use of a cheap
egg-tester, which can be got by writing to the Secretary of the
National American Poultry Association, New Concord, Ohio, but others
think this is not needed. The eggs must be kept at a regular heat of
between 102 and 105 degs. After the third day take out the egg-drawer
once a day and let the eggs cool down to about 70 or 80 degs., but
not below 65 degs. Turn the eggs every four or five hours during
the day, by moving the muslin frame on which the eggs rest backward
or forward a couple of inches, as indicated in the instructions for
making the incubator. It is all done in a trice; it will be well to
do this once during the night, and see that the temperature is up to
proper grade. Be careful that it does not rise above 105 degs., as
there is even more danger of killing the eggs by over-heating than by
letting the temperature run a little low. After the third day set two
or more soup-plates or tin pie-pans on the sawdust in the ventilator,
under the eggs to moisten them; and from the ninth to the twelfth
day sprinkle a little tepid water on the eggs by hand, in addition
to the evaporation from the water in the pans. From the twelfth to
the fifteenth day hand-sprinkle them twice a day, and thereafter
three times a day until they hatch. The water acts on the lime of the
shells to make it brittle. Perhaps it is best not to have any fire in
the incubator-room, which may be a cellar, wood shed, or unoccupied
room in the house. A writer in the _American Agriculturist_ says:
“If any one doubts that pine sawdust in an incubator will kill his
eggs let him try it.” There may be something in this warning, but it
is doubtful. Study your lamps to learn about how high to turn the
wicks, in order to keep the temperature just right, and observe the
thermometers in the front and back of your egg drawer frequently.
See that the escape pipes in the heater do not slip down so close
to the zinc as to check the draft. Better keep them from one to two
inches above the zinc. Keep the ventilators open.

When the eggs are hatched keep the chicks in the incubator till
dried, anywhere from twelve to eighteen hours, but not longer. Put
them in the brooder, or “artificial mother,” which will be described
hereafter. Give them their first food when they are about 18 or 20
hours old. Use bread crumbs wet with milk, or corn meal thoroughly
soaked, or hard-boiled eggs, and feed regularly at intervals of
three or four hours from 5 o’clock a. m. to 9 o’clock p. m. Do not
over-feed; give them only what they will eat clean. When old enough
give them dry grain.


CERTAIN LUMBER GRADES.

  DOWS, Iowa.

  Please give the inspection rules for grading flooring,
  fence-boards, siding, and six-inch, half-round, live cedar posts.

  H. H. OBERTON.

_Answer._—There are different inspection rules at nearly all the
great centers of the lumber trade. There are the “Albany Inspection,”
governing the lumber product of Northern New York, the “Maine
survey,” the “Boston inspection,” the “Saginaw inspection,” the
“Chicago cargo inspection,” “Chicago yard grading,” “St. Louis
inspection,” “Minneapolis inspection,” and several others. The
differences at the several Western centers do not differ very
greatly. The following grading is according to the rules of Chicago
yard grading:

Flooring—A, or firsts, should have one face nearly clear, with but
one or two small, sound knots; the other side may have more knots or
sap. B, or seconds, may have two to four sound, medium knots, and
bright sap equal to 1 or 1¼ inches width. C, or thirds, will allow of
three to six small, sound knots, or 1½ to 2 inches of bright sap.

Fencing flooring is good common flooring from selected fence boards,
and may have a large number of small, sound knots, but the general
character of the piece must be such as to make a good, tight floor,
practically free from “shake” and loose knots.

Fencing—No. 1, or common, contains sound knots only, not to weaken
the piece, and may have considerable sap, bright, dull, or stained.
No. 2 contains black sap, coarse knots, and boards shaky or otherwise
defective, provided they are not unfit for coarse fencing.

Strips and Siding—First and second clear, No. 1, must be perfect in
thickness, width, and quality, as clear lumber, free from knots and
sap. No. 2 will admit of a narrow, bright sap on one side, or one or
two knots. A, or first common, if free from knots, may have two or
three small sound knots, or bright sap, one-half or three-quarters
of an inch wide. B, or second common, may have three or four
medium-sized sound knots, or bright sap of 1 to 1½ inches wide. C, or
third common, may have two to six medium knots, 2 to 3 inches of sap,
or both sap and knots to equal these. Six-inch half-round live cedar
posts must be of trees alive when felled, free from rot or decay of
any kind, and not less than six inches at small end.

The St. Louis inspection rules for white pine lumber are almost
identical with those of Chicago. Minneapolis rules allow 1 inch sap
and three small knots, but no other imperfections in first flooring;
six small knots and 1½-inch sap in second flooring; 1-inch sap on
thin edge, but no other imperfections in first siding, dressed; three
small knots and 1-inch sap on either side in second siding. Grading
in the Upper Mississippi River towns is influenced strongly by the
Minneapolis rules.


HOMESTEAD RIGHTS OF WOMEN.

  FORT COLLINS, Col.

  1. Does the homestead law allow single men and women to leave their
  claims to earn their living? 2. If a woman holding land under the
  homestead and timber-culture laws marries a man holding land in the
  same way, does she forfeit her right to either claim?

  M. SOPER.

_Answer._—A single woman who makes a homestead or timber-culture
entry, or both, does not forfeit her rights by marriage, provided the
requirements as to residence and cultivation are complied with; but
if a single woman marry after filing her declaratory statement under
the pre-emption laws, she abandons her rights as a pre-emptor. A
party, while having an actual residence on his or her claim, may work
elsewhere for other people a few weeks at a time.


BLACK LETTER BOOKS.

  PRECEPT, Neb.

  1. I saw an account of a black letter Bible recently and should
  like to know the reason for its value. 2. Please explain the
  expression “court in banc.”

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—The type commonly known in this country as black letter, or
Gothic, was the first used in printing, being a copy of the letters
used in Germany and the Netherlands during the fifteenth century.
In the next century the Gothic style was superseded by the Roman.
Books in black letter are highly prized because of their antiquity
and rarity. 2. The meaning is that all of the judges of the court in
question hear and decide the case: that is, occupy the “banc,” or
bench, together.


BIBLE QUESTIONS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

1. How many days were the Israelites in gathering manna? 2. How many
furlongs is Bethany from Jerusalem?

  A. LEWIS.

_Answer._—In Exodus, xvi., we read that for forty years the children
of Israel gathered manna daily, excepting the seventh or Sabbath, a
double allowance being granted on the sixth day. 2. The distance is
three miles or twenty-four furlongs.


MRS. MARY ASHTON LIVERMORE.

  OXFORD, Ind.

  Please give a short biography of Mrs. Mary Livermore.

  JOHN MORGAN.

_Answer._—Mrs. Mary Ashton Livermore, the popular platform orator
and reformer, is the daughter of Timothy Rice. Esq. She was born
in Boston in 1821, educated in the Baptist Seminary for Girls at
Charlestown, Mass., where she gave brilliant promise of a useful
future. She married the Rev. D. P. Livermore, of the Universalist
Church, and assisted him in editing a paper of this denomination in
Chicago. She was in this city during the late civil war and took a
prominent part in the various movements to ameliorate the sufferings
of soldiers on the field, in hospitals and prisons. She was an ever
active, devoted and most efficient worker in the cause of the U. S.
Sanitary Commission, and was one of the ablest associates of that
eminent philanthropist, Mrs. A. C. Hoge, in the organization and
marvelous success of the Chicago Sanitary Fair near the close of
the war. She is now undoubtedly one of the ablest leaders in the
cause of woman, in the various movements of the times. An eloquent
speaker, a brilliant and powerful writer, a remarkable organizer
and parliamentarian, she never fails to command respect and carry a
strong influence. She is one of the associate editors of the Boston
_Woman’s Journal_, and is recognized as one of the most eloquent
lecturers in the cause of temperance, woman suffrage, and other
social reforms.


POINTS IN THE ROAD LAW.

  SOMONAUK, Ill.

  1. The law of Illinois says that any one who forbids or hinders a
  person while he is working on the public road shall be fined $2. I
  quote from memory. Who should make the complaint and before what
  court? 2. What rights, exclusively his own, has a man to one-half
  of the road adjoining his farm, and what rights have the public?

  AMASA C. LORD.

_Answer._—Section 33 of chapter on roads and bridges, Revised
Statutes, says: “If any person, after appearing (to work on the
roads), remain idle, or do not work faithfully, or hinder others from
working, such offender shall, for every offense, forfeit to the town
the sum of $2.” It is the duty of the overseer of highways to make
the complaint, in case of a violation of this law, before a justice
of the peace. 2. In case of the vacation of a road, the title to the
land reverts to the original owner, his heirs, assigns, or grantees.
If the roadway was condemned for highway purposes, and damages for
public appropriation of the same paid to the owner, several nice
legal questions would be likely to arise in case of vacation of the
road. When land has been given or legally taken for a highway, the
abutting owner has the right to insist that it shall be used for no
other purpose. The tree-culture laws of most States give him the
right to plant trees along it, subject, however, to State, county,
and town regulations. These can hardly be called “exclusive rights;”
it can scarcely be said that he has any such, so long as the land is
used as a highway; but the public have no right to use it for any
other purpose, or do anything therewith inconsistent with such use.


FIELD MARSHAL SCHWERIN.

  FAIRMONT, Neb.

  Who was “Field Marshal Schwerin”?

  W. P. JACKS.

_Answer._—He was a distinguished military commander, born in Swedish
Pomerania, in 1684. His full designation is Count Kurt Christian von
Schwerin. He entered the Dutch army as ensign when only 16 years of
age, fought under the famous Prince Eugene and the great Marlborough
against the French in the “War of the Spanish Succession,” and
subsequently entered the service of Frederick the Great of Prussia.
He won the decisive victory over the Austrians at Mollwitz in 1741
which resulted in the cession of Silesia to Prussia; and Frederick
signalized his admiration of the great captain by conferring on him
the title of Count and making him a Field Marshal. He fell in battle
before Prague in 1757, during the Seven Years War, better known to
Americans as the French and Indian war, which was a part of the same
general war.


CANADIAN TARIFF ON BRITISH GOODS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Does Canada collect import duties on goods that are received from
  England?

  A CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—The Canadians did not wait long after securing their
virtual commercial independence, through the establishment of
the present Dominion Government, before resolving to foster home
manufactures by means of a tariff which should serve the double
purpose of public revenue and protection to home industry. This
tariff by no means exempts goods of British manufacture; indeed, such
goods pay much the larger share of the total duty, as is shown in the
following table, stating the value of goods entered for consumption
in the Dominion of Canada, that paid duty, the countries whence
imported, and the amount of duty collected thereon during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1882:

  ————————————————————+—————————————+—————————————+———————————————
                      |   Dutiable  |    Free     |     Duty
  COUNTRIES.          |    goods.   |    goods.   |   collected.
  ————————————————————+—————————————+—————————————+———————————————
  Great Britain       | $41,459,730 |  $9,137,611 | $10,011,811.00
  Brit. W. Indies     |   1,765,024 |      83,700 |     662,514.52
  Brit. Guiana        |     198,979 |       4,379 |     117,655.12
  Brit. E. Indies     |      61,403 |      12,279 |      24,774.20
  Australia           |       1,895 |         262 |         519.36
  British Africa      |             |     204,745 |
                      +—————————————+—————————————+———————————————
    Total British     | $43,487,031 |  $9,442,916 | $10,817,274.20
  United States       |  32,941,061 |  15,347,991 |   7,073,912.49
  France              |   1,988,698 |     108,660 |     742,774.93
  Germany             |   1,331,271 |     148,733 |     338,691.39
  Span. W. Indies     |   2,122,373 |      13,795 |     943,791.41
  Brazil              |   1,068,876 |     259,440 |     491,556.26
  All other countries |   2,818,123 |   1,569,959 |   1,292,016.95
                      +—————————————+—————————————+———————————————
    Grand total       | $85,757,133 | $26,891,494 | $21,700,027.63
  ————————————————————+—————————————+—————————————+———————————————

From which it appears that Canada collects over a half more duties
from British goods than she does from American goods, while the total
value of her imports from the United States is over six millions
greater than that of her British imports.


TELEPHONING.

  ALEDO, Ill.

  How is the telephone operated in the city of Chicago? Give an
  illustration of how messages are conveyed by telephone. Is
  electricity used on all telephone instruments? Does each person
  having an instrument have a separate wire at the central office?

  S. GRADY.

_Answer._—In telegraphy the wire between stations is a magnet only so
long as the electrical current is passing over it, which is the case
so long as the wire is connected with the battery. This connection
is made or broken by means of a small lever under the finger of the
operator at the transmitting station, known as the transmitting
key. While the current is on and the wire is a magnet it attracts
to itself a piece of soft iron at the receiving station, known in
the Morse writing telegraph as the recording style. The instant the
connection between the battery and the wire is broken the latter
ceases to be a magnet, and the soft iron at the receiving station
springs back to its old place. By this means every movement of the
transmitting key is instantly repeated at the receiving station. In
the telephone two thin metallic plates or diaphragms are substituted
for the key and the soft iron recording style. The undulations of
the air produced by the voice of the speaker cause the thin plate in
the transmitting instrument to vibrate more or less violently, in
harmony with the voice. This plate is so connected with the wires
running between the battery and the receiving station that the
electrical current over the circuit is entirely closed or broken, or
varied in intensity, according to the degree of vibration, while the
receiving plate, at the other end of the wire, vibrates in unison
with the transmitting plate, reproducing undulations in the air at
that end of the wire directly corresponding with the undulations
made by the voice of the speaker—that is, reproducing the sounds of
his voice. Electricity is used in all telephones of any practical
value. In Chicago the main wires and the branches from the down-town
offices center at a common office, known as the central station,
where, by means of couplings made by the movement of certain keys,
separate wires are instantly joined or disconnected. Any one wishing
to communicate by telephone turns a small crank, which rings a bell
at the central office. The operator at the latter place responds by
signal. The person who wishes to communicate generally inquires,
“Is this the central office?” Having received an affirmative
reply, he requests to be put into communication with the number in
the telephone register corresponding to the office or residence
of the person with whom he wishes to speak. He may now sit down
until signaled that some one at the place called for is ready to
communicate with him, or the operator at the central office notifies
him that he can get no response from the number called for. Besides
the main central office there is a district center in each of the
principal divisions of the city, North, West, and South, all under
the control of the former. It is not necessary for a separate wire
to run from each instrument in the city directly to one of these
centers. Several individual wires may unite with one common wire
before reaching either the central office or a district center.


THE ALHAMBRA—MUNICH.

  MARENGO, Ill.

  1. Will you please give me some information respecting the
  Alhambra? 2. For what is the city of Munich celebrated?

  RAY.

_Answer._—1. The Alhambra is the fortress of Grenada, within which
is the ancient palace of the Moorish kings. The most of it was built
between 1248 and 1354, and though defaced and ruined, the wonderful
beauty and skill of its workmanship is still apparent. It is one of
the finest examples of Moorish architecture, remarkable for peculiar
grace and delicate elaboration. It stands on a terraced hill north
of Grenada and overlooking the city, surrounded by a strong wall,
nearly a mile in circumference, studded with towers. Passing through
the Gate of Pomegranates and the neglected gardens, the visitor
finds himself surrounded by beautiful arches and open courts, all
leading to the chief object of attraction, the Moorish palace. Though
severely plain upon the exterior, within it is exquisitely beautiful,
with floors of the choicest marbles, “fretted ceilings, partitions
colored and gilt, and filigree stuccos of veil-like transparency.”
Slender columns support the galleries, and gracefully bending palm
leaves of marble form the arches, while beautiful fountains are
scattered here and there. Besides the halls, courts, reception rooms,
and sleeping apartments, the building contains a whispering gallery,
a labyrinth, and vaulted sepulchers. After the expulsion of the Moors
from Spain their conquerors took pleasure in defacing and destroying
their works of art, and the Alhambra was remodeled and partly blocked
up. In 1812 the French blew up a portion of it, and in 1821 it was
shaken by an earthquake. Attempts have been made to restore it, but
the sums of money contributed have been too small to accomplish much.
2. Munich is noted for the variety and elegance of its architecture,
for its schools of art and music, and for possessing a larger and
more valuable collection of art treasures than any other city in
Germany. Nearly all its magnificence in architectural splendor and
elegance, sculpture, painting, and music, date from the reign of
Ludwig I., who ascended the throne in 1825 and during his reign spent
nearly 7,000,000 thalers in the embellishment of his capital.


NAVY STATISTICS OF 1865.

  WAUKEGAN, Ill.

  1. What was the increase of the United States navy during the civil
  war? 2. How many naval officers deserted to the Confederate cause?

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—1. According to the annual report of the Secretary of
the Navy, for 1865, there were at the outbreak of the war 7,600
men in the United States navy, and at its close there were 51,500.
The force in the navy yards increased from 3,844 to 16,880. This
latter was exclusive of about an equal number employed in private
ship yards under contracts with the government. During the war 208
vessels were commenced for the navy and most of them completed; and
418 vessels were purchased (of which 313 were steamers), at a cost
of $18,366,681.83; and of these 340 vessels were sold during and
immediately subsequent to the war, for $5,621,800.27. 2. There were
322 commissioned officers of the navy who “traitorously abandoned the
service” at the beginning of the conflict.


ARKANSAS.

  MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.

  Please give a description of Arkansas and Washington Territory,
  climate, price of cattle, horses, sheep, and farm products. 2.
  Which is best adapted to Northerners?

  A. H. CHASE.

_Answer._—A description of Washington Territory was given in answer
to another subscriber a week ago. In Arkansas the land gradually
rises from the Mississippi westward, reaching its greatest elevation
in the Ozark Mountains. Unlike the Eastern portion of the State,
which is alluvial in character, the country near these mountains is
high and the climate is healthful. Throughout the State the soil
along the river “bottoms” is rich and deep, producing large crops of
corn, wheat, cotton, and tobacco. The river surface is 540 square
miles, and the area covered by lakes and ponds 265 square miles.
The temperature varies in the southern part from 20 degrees to 94
degrees; in the north from 10 degrees to 92 degrees. The rainfall in
the south is 48-56 inches; in the north 42 inches. Below we give the
average prices in Oregon, being unable to obtain them in Washington
Territory. In Oregon the average price per bushel of Indian corn
is 82 cents; of wheat, 78 cents; rye, 82 cents; oats, 40 cents;
potatoes, 59 cents; hay, $12.14; horses, $56.22; milch cows, $21.17;
oxen and other cattle, $13.72; sheep, $1.46. In Arkansas corn is 49
cents; wheat, $1.02; rye, 86 cents; oats, 53 cents; potatoes, 74
cents; hay, $11.50; cotton, 10 cents per pound; horses, $49.36; milch
cows, $14.56; oxen and other cattle, $10.11, and sheep $1.48. 2. The
effects of climate depend largely upon individual peculiarities,
but, generally speaking, the heavy rains of Western Washington and
the malaria of Eastern Arkansas are about equally injurious. Western
Arkansas and the Eastern part of Washington Territory are favorable
to consumptives.


DR. KANE, THE EXPLORER.

  NORMAL, Ill.

  1. Please give a sketch of the life of Dr. E. K. Kane. 2. Are any
  members of his expedition still living?

  F. A. WALKER.

_Answer._—1. This celebrated explorer was born in Philadelphia in
1820. When about 25 years of age he visited China, India, and the
East Indies as surgeon in the navy, and later traveled through
Arabia, Egypt, Greece, and Western Europe. He acted as surgeon,
naturalist, and historian to the first Grinnell expedition, in 1850,
which led to the discovery of Grinnell Land, and in 1853 himself
commanded the second expedition in search of Franklin. Returning home
in 1855 he published the account of his travels, and in the following
year went to England for his health. Thence he sailed to Cuba, where
he died, at Havana, Feb. 16, 1857. 2. Dr. Hayes, who subsequently
commanded another American Arctic expedition, died in New York Dec.
17, 1881. Several of the men are still alive.


RESTORING THE FLAG ON FORT SUMTER.

  GALVESTON, Texas.

  On what occasion was the flag of Fort Sumter restored to its place,
  and how?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—General Sherman, on his march to join General Grant
near Richmond, captured several rebel strongholds, and among them
Charleston, which was evacuated by the rebels on Feb. 17, 1865. On
April 14, 1865, the identical Union flag which had been hauled down
at the time of the surrender, exactly four years before, was formally
restored with befitting ceremonies.


THE OLDEST AMERICAN MINE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the oldest mine of any kind in the United States?

  C. D. ADAMS.

_Answer._—It is generally conceded by those who are read up in the
history of mining and metallurgy in this country that the oldest
mining enterprise of the United States, still active, is the Mine La
Motte, in the lead district of Eastern Missouri, opened about 1720
under Renault, of Law’s notorious Mississippi Company. It was named
after La Motte, the mineralogist of the expedition. It has been
worked at intervals ever since it was opened, and is in successful
operation now. There are silver mines in New Mexico and Arizona,
some of which may have been opened by the Spanish adventurers of
the latter part of the sixteenth century and the beginning of the
seventeenth. Some of these ancient mines were operated by the Toltecs
and Aztecs years before the Spanish invasion, but it is not easy to
identify them. So there are copper mines in the Lake Superior region
in which the tools and mining marks of ancient miners of pre-historic
times were found by the pioneers of the present American mining
companies. Where the first colonists of Virginia got the ship-load of
“fool’s gold” which they sent back to England, to the great disgust
of the London company, is not certainly known; but it is known that
at the same time, in 1608, they shipped a quantity of iron from
Jamestown, which yielded seventeen tons of metal, the first pig iron
ever made from American ore. There are diggings in North and South
Carolina and Georgia, now overgrown with forests, which are supposed
to have been excavated by the followers of De Soto and his immediate
successors between 1539 and 1600. The first recorded account of the
discovery of coal in the United States is contained in Hennepin’s
narrative of his explorations in the West, between 1673 and 1680,
when he saw the coal outcrop in the bluffs of the Illinois River, not
far from Ottawa and LaSalle; but coal was first mined in the Eastern
States in the beginning of this century.


LAWYER PRESIDENTS AND CONGRESSMEN.

  WILMINGTON, Ill.

  What per cent of our Presidents and representatives in Congress
  have been professional lawyers? Is it growing more or less common
  to elect lawyers to these places?

  L. F. HAZELTON.

_Answer._—Of the Presidents, John Adams, Jefferson, John Quincy
Adams, Jackson, Van Buren, Tyler, Polk, Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan,
Lincoln, Hayes, and Garfield were lawyers; and Arthur was a
successful legal practitioner until appointed Collector of the Port
of New York by President Grant. Washington was a surveyor until
he entered the army. Madison was studying law when elected to the
Virginia Convention of 1776, after which he became absorbed in
political life. Monroe studied law under Jefferson, but did not
really enter the profession, being called off into military and
political affairs. Harrison entered military and political life
early, and was kept in it most of his days. Taylor and Grant rose
to the Chief Magistracy by distinguished military services. Johnson
was a tailor until he got into political life. As to Congress, its
membership has been too numerous for a full investigation. The
proportions indicated below will hold good, in all probability, for
the whole of the last or Forty-seventh Congress. The two Senators
and six of the eight Representatives from Alabama, both Senators and
three of the five Representatives from South Carolina, one Senator
and seven of the nine Congressmen from Virginia, both Senators and
all the four Representatives of Arkansas, in that Congress were
lawyers, or, at least, had been admitted to the bar; so were both
Senators and twelve of the nineteen Representatives from Illinois,
the two Senators and six of the nine Representatives from Iowa, both
Senators and eight of the eleven Representatives of Massachusetts,
one Senator and sixteen of the thirty-three Representatives of
Pennsylvania. The South is more given to the practice of choosing
lawyers, or persons with a smattering of the law, to represent them
in Congress and the Legislature than the North. Planters, who never
seriously expected their sons to practice, educated them in the law
formerly, as one of the qualifications for political life. The olden
prestige of the law as one of the learned professions, and the one
that led most directly to political promotions, had its influence
on the sons of the wealthy and their sires, not in the South only,
but in the North; nor on them only, but on the people. There is some
rational force also in the popular conception that lawyers are or
should be peculiarly fitted to be law-makers. The tendency in the
North for some years past, as indicated by the above statistics, is
to choose fewer lawyers and have commerce and the great industries of
the country represented by their conspicuous leaders.


SCHOOLS FOR THE COLORED RACE.

  GONZALES, Texas.

  How many institutions of learning for the colored race are there in
  the United States, and how many persons attending them?

  JOHN CRAWFORD.

_Answer._—According to the report of the Commissioner of Education,
for 1880, the educational institutions for the colored race in the
United States were then in number and attendance as follows:

  Class of Institutions.             Schools.   Enrolled.

  Public schools                      17,081     806,106
  Normal schools                          44       7,408
  High schools and academies              36       5,237
  Universities and colleges               15       1,717
  Schools of theology                     22         800
  Schools of law                           3          33
  Schools of medicine                      2          87
  Schools for deaf, dumb, and blind        2         122
                                      ——————     ———————
      Total                           17,205     821,570

Besides this there are a number of colored public schools in States
that fail to report them separately from the white schools; and there
are many colored children attending the same schools with the whites.


THE WYOMING MASSACRE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  To settle a dispute, please give the particulars of the massacre of
  the Wyoming colonists during the revolutionary war, together with
  the names of the military commanders and Indians, and oblige

  A CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—In the summer of 1778 the beautiful valley of Wyoming,
Penn., was invaded by a band of tories and Indians, and in the battle
that followed, on July 3, the American patriots, commanded by Colonel
Zebulon Butler, were defeated with horrible slaughter. Then followed
a general massacre, which some escaped by fleeing to the mountains,
while a few took refuge in Fort Forty (now Wilkesbarre). This fort
was besieged the morning of the 4th by the tories and Indians under
Colonel John Butler, and ordered to surrender; and being without any
means of defense, Colonel Dennison yielded to the entreaties of the
women and children to enter into articles of capitulation. It was
agreed upon the surrender of their arms, and the destruction of the
fort, the inhabitants of the valley should return peaceably to their
homes, but no sooner was the fort surrendered than the Indians fell
upon the houses, which they plundered and burned, killing all the
women and children who had not escaped to the mountains. The entire
village of Wilkesbarre was burned to the ground.


THE ILLINOIS BLACK LAWS.

  WESTERN SPRINGS, Ill.

  What were the “black laws” of Illinois?

  J.L. WELLS.

_Answer._—Under the Territorial laws of Illinois persons were
allowed to bring slaves into the Territory under the name of
indentured servants. As such they might be held in bondage for a
term of ninety-nine years or less. This was in direct violation of
the spirit of the ordinance of 1787, which interdicted slavery or
involuntary servitude in all the territory north of the Ohio River.
The first State constitution, adopted in 1818, prohibited the further
introduction of slaves, but did not abolish this species of slavery
by liberating the victims of the barbarous Territorial enactments.
Thus slavery existed in Illinois in defiance of the ordinance of 1787
until the adoption of the constitution of 1848, which contained the
following provision: “There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in this State, except as a punishment for crime.” After
the adoption of the constitution of 1818, the first Legislature
re-enacted the wicked law “respecting free negroes, mulattoes,
servants, and slaves” of Territorial times. No severer law was to
be found in any slave State. It forbade negroes or mulattoes to
settle in the State without certificates of freedom. No person was to
employ any negro or mulatto without such certificate, under a penalty
of $1.50 for each day. To harbor any slave or servant, or hinder
the owner in retaking a slave, was made a felony, punishable by
restitution or a fine of two-fold value, and whipping not to exceed
thirty stripes. Every black or mulatto without a proper certificate
was subject to arrest as a runaway slave, to be advertised for
six weeks by the sheriff, when, if not reclaimed or his freedom
established, he was sold for one year, after which he was entitled
to a freedom certificate. Any slave or servant found ten miles from
home without permit was liable to arrest and thirty-five stripes, on
the order of a justice. For misbehaving to his master or family he
was punishable with the lash. Indeed, punishment with the lash to the
number of thirty-nine and forty stripes was prescribed for each of
a long list of offenses, real or of legal construction. Even after
the adoption of the constitution of 1848, which required the General
Assembly at its first session to pass such laws as would effectually
prohibit free persons of color from immigrating to, or settling in
this State, and prohibit the owners of slaves from bringing them here
for the purpose of setting them free, the Legislature passed an act,
Feb. 12, 1853, which imposed on every such colored person a fine of
$50. If the fine was not paid forthwith, he was to be advertised and
sold to any one who would pay the fine and costs for the shortest
period of such person’s service. A case under this law was carried up
to the Supreme Court, and decided so late as 1864, to be valid. Other
provisions of these enactments were almost equally detestable. Such
were the infamous “black laws” of Illinois, which were continued,
with slight modifications, from Territorial times down to 1865, when
by act of Feb. 7, of that year, they were repealed. Had it not been
for these black laws the census of Illinois would not be blotted
with an enrollment of “168 slaves” in 1810; 917 in 1820; 747 in
1830; and 331 in 1840—the last census that carries such a stain.
Fortunately, the masters and people at large were better than their
laws. The horrors of Southern slavery would not have been tolerated
here. During the last twenty-five years of their existence the black
laws were practically a dead letter, being retained upon the statute
book more out of opposition to abolitionism, and deference to the
pro-slavery sentiment of the dominant parties than for any other
reason.


FIRST EXPLORERS OF THE FAR WEST.

  KILL CREEK, Kan.

  Is it a fact that early French explorers were the first to cross
  the continent through the northern part of what is now the United
  States?

  SAMUEL RITTER.

_Answer._—No French explorers, known as explorers, traveled farther
West than Minnesota, but doubtless the French trappers reached the
head waters of the Missouri, if they did not go even farther. These,
however, have left no record of their wanderings, and we know nothing
of what they discovered. To Lewis and Clarke who in 1804-5 ascended
to the head waters of the Missouri and descended the Columbia to the
Pacific Ocean, belongs the honor of having given the first written
account of the far West.


PENNSYLVANIA WHISKY WAR.

  PRAIRIE CITY, Ill.

  Did the distillers of Pennsylvania at one time create an
  insurrection on account of certain excise laws? If so, please state
  the facts, and what means was used by the government to quell the
  disturbance?

  S. T. YOUNG.

_Answer._—In 1791 a tax was imposed upon domestic liquors. This
created especial dissatisfaction in Western Pennsylvania, where, in
1794, the distillers rose en masse and refused to pay the duty. But
upon the approach of militia sent by Washington, they yielded.


GAY-LUSSAC—BALLOONS.

  PAWNEE ROCK, Kan.

  1. Who was Gay-Lussac? 2. Who invented balloons? 3. Why was Sir
  Walter Raleigh executed?

  STEPHEN J. WILLARD.

_Answer._—Louis Joseph Gay-Lussac was one of the most eminent
chemists of this century. He was born at St. Leonard, France, Dec.
6, 1778. He distinguished himself as a student in the Polytechnic
College, Paris, and was selected to become the assistant of the great
French physicist and chemist, Berthollet, who was so impressed with
his originality and skill in research that on a certain occasion
he exclaimed: “Young man, it is your destiny to make discoveries.
You shall be henceforth my companion. I wish—it is a title of which
I am sure I shall have cause to be proud—I wish to be your father
in science.” While investigating terrestrial magnetism he was led
to make a balloon ascent, on Aug. 24, 1804, when he reached an
altitude of about 13,000 feet. Not satisfied, he procured a greater
balloon, and on Sept. 16 of the same year rose to an altitude of
23,000 feet, a height never before reached in a balloon, and seldom
exceeded since then. He made many valuable observations before
descending. Together with the famous Alexander von Humboldt, he made
the discovery that hydrogen and oxygen unite in the proportions of
two of the latter to one of the former, by bulk, to form water; also
that when gases combine with one another, either by weight or by
volume, they do so in very simple proportions, as 1 to 1, 1 to 2,
2 to 3, and so on. He analyzed many chemical compounds, proved the
elementary nature of several substances, such as iodine, to which he
gave the name it now bears, and he formed by chemical combinations
many valuable compounds. The French Academy elected him a member of
that distinguished body of savants; the French Government honored him
with important and highly honorable appointments; he became a member
of the Chamber of Deputies in 1831, and in 1839 was made a peer of
the realm. He devoted himself to scientific research to the last,
and was associated with the distinguished scientist Arago, in the
editorship of the Annals of Chemistry and Physics. He died in 1850.
2. Stephen and Joseph Montgolfier, of Annonay, France, a town about
forty miles from Lyons, were the inventors of hot air balloons, just
one hundred years ago, and the same year two brothers of the name of
Robert made and charged the first hydrogen gas balloon, under the
superintendence of Mr. Charles, a professor of natural philosophy, in
Paris. 3. Sir Walter Raleigh was executed under a trumped up charge
of conspiracy against the life of James I., of England; but really at
the instigation of certain rivals and to gratify the king of Spain,
toward whom he had always manifested the greatest hostility.


QUARTER SECTIONS, SHORT OR LONG.

  ORLEANS, Neb.

  There is a case in dispute here in regard to the government survey.
  They say that the government surveyor who ran the section lines
  here started at the Kansas line from the wrong corner, and, running
  north, made one tier of sections fifteen or twenty rods too narrow
  and the next tier as much too broad. Now, after twenty years, when
  the land is all occupied and more or less improved, can the line be
  moved? All the old corners are plainly defined and recognized as
  government corners.

  B. F. POLHUMUS.

_Answer._—In the case of Peder O. Aanrud (see Copp’s Land Owner) the
Commissioner of the General Land Office made the following ruling:
“The term ‘quarter-section’ is used to designate a certain legal
subdivision of the public land ascertained by official survey.
It generally contains just 160 acres; but, through unavoidable
inaccuracy of surveys in adjusting meridians etc., it often exceeds
or falls below that amount. It is still, however, the technical legal
quarter section defined by law and ascertained by official survey.
A homestead settler may enter 160 acres in legal subdivisions lying
contiguous to each other without reference to the quarter-section
lines, or he may enter a technical quarter-section as such, in which
case he can take the amount of land contained therein, as shown by
the official survey. In entering a quarter section he cannot depart
from the ascertained lines, but must take 160 acres, more or less, as
the case may be.” The case stated in this question is extraordinary,
and may not be fully covered by the above ruling, but it is almost
certain that in all cases where patents have issued and owners have
been in undisturbed possession for sixteen years or more the titles
cannot be disturbed.


ATCHISON, THE BORDER RUFFIAN SENATOR.

  TISKILWA, Ill.

  Kindly inform us who Dave Atchison, of Kansas and Missouri
  notoriety, was.

  G. S. BATTERY.

_Answer._—He was a politician of the desperado order, who figured
in an unenviable light in the early days of Kansas. Born in Fayette
County, Ky., in 1807, he removed to Missouri in 1830. In 1841 he was
appointed by the Governor to fill an unexpired term in the United
States Senate, of which, through re-election, he continued a member
until 1855. For some time he acted with the Benton wing of the
Democratic party, which accepted the Jacksonian doctrine as opposed
to pro-slavery radicalism. In time, however, he adopted Calhounism,
including the doctrine of secession, and during the early Kansas
troubles devoted himself to making Kansas a slave State. In 1854-56
he encouraged and abetted the outrages committed by the bands of
Missouri border ruffians, who repeatedly invaded that Territory,
taking an active part in driving free-soil voters from the polls and
instigating the bloody attacks on Lawrence and Ossawatamie, and in
other villainies of those terrible times preceding the triumph of the
Free State party in Kansas.


MURDERS AND SUICIDES.

  MELROSE, Wis.

  Give, if you can, the number of murders and suicides in the United
  States in the course of a year.

  IRA JONES.

_Answer._—According to the census for 1880 there were 1,336 cases of
homicide, or murder, and manslaughter, and 2,517 cases of suicide,
of which 472 were by self-shooting, 155 by drowning, 340 by poison,
1,550 by other means.


RAINFALL IN NEBRASKA.

  VAN CLEVE, Iowa.

  What part of Nebraska has the greatest rainfall? What parts have
  the second and the third largest average rainfall? In what month is
  this fall the greatest?

  J. W. JOHNSON.

_Answer._—During the ten years from 1869 to 1879 the average annual
rainfall in that part of Nebraska lying between the Missouri River
and a line drawn to where Blue River crosses the Kansas-Nebraska
Line, was thirty-eight inches. In the extreme southeastern corner
of the State, near the Missouri River, it was nearly forty inches.
West of the line above described to a line starting from the
Missouri River a little south of the mouth of Bow River, running
with a slight eastern curve to Kearney and then southwesterly to
the State line, the average rainfall was thirty-two inches. From
this last line to another starting near the mouth of the Niobrara,
curving southwesterly to a point a little east of North Platte, and
thence curving slightly to the southwest to a point a little west of
Culbertson, the rainfall averaged twenty-six inches. Between this
last line and another starting on the State line at the mouth of the
Keya Paha and running southwesterly to a point on the Kansas-Nebraska
line, midway between Culbertson and the southwest corner of the
State, the average was nineteen inches. West of this section the
rainfall is not well determined, but it diminishes from nineteen to
less than seventeen inches. The heaviest rainfall is in June.


THE SIRENS.

  I have an engraving representing a lady about to go into a boat, or
  a sailor about to land. It is entitled, “The Siren.” What is the
  story?

  BACHELOR.

_Answer._—Among the old Greek legends is one that near the island
of Caprera, in the Mediterranean Sea, there dwelt two—some versions
say three—damsels whose music was so sweet that no one who heard it
could resist its seductive charms. The passing sailor, listening to
it, forgot his country, home, and all former friends, and, unable to
escape the entrancement of their songs, remained on the barren rocks
until he died of starvation. It is further related that Ulysses, one
of the most crafty of the Greek heroes of the olden time, by the
advice of Circe, filled his sailors’ ears with wax before passing the
rock and had them lash him to the mast until the danger was passed.
When he heard the music he struggled hard to free himself and escape
to the rock, but his companions only bound him the more firmly until
their ship had passed out of hearing, whereupon the fated sisters
hurled themselves into the deep and were changed into two great
rocks. The whole legend may be regarded as an allegory, the sirens
personifying seductive pleasures.


THE FIVE POINTS IN CALVINISM.

  MICHIGAN CITY, Ind.

  What are the “Five Points” considered essential to pure Calvinism?
  Did not the Pan-Presbyterian Council held at Philadelphia a few
  years ago indorse them all?

  FREEMASON.

Answer.—The “Five Points” in the confession of the Synod of Dort,
generally regarded as the essentials of Calvinism, are the following
doctrines: 1. Predestination; 2. The atonement; 3. The total
depravity of the natural man; 4. That salvation is purely of the
grace and free will of God; 5. The final perseverance of all who
have once experienced justification by faith. For a more extended
presentation of these five points see Our Curiosity Shop for 1881,
page 91. These doctrines are differently construed by Presbyterian
divines; so that in fact they are held in quite different senses
by organizations usually classed together as Calvinists. The
Pan-Presbyterian Council recognized the rights of the several bodies
represented in it to construe the Scriptures as regards these
doctrines according to their own judgments so long as they subscribed
to the general declarations of the Westminster Confession of Faith,
or the confession of the Synod of Dort.


CLAUDE DE BONNEVAL.

  KILL CREEK, Kan.

  Please sketch briefly the career of Claude de Bonneval.

  SAMUEL RITTER.

_Answer._—Count Claude Alexandre de Bonneval, born at Limousin,
France, began his eventful career as a soldier in the French army,
but being condemned to death for insolence toward the Minister
of War, provoked by being refused promotion, on account of bad
conduct, he fled to Germany. He entered the Austrian army, and in
1723 was appointed Master of Ordnance to the Netherlands. But he
became involved in a disgraceful quarrel with the Governor, and was
sentenced to death. The sentence was, however, commuted to a year’s
imprisonment. Upon his release he went to Constantinople, and under
the name of Achmed he entered the service of the Porte, who made
him Pasha, and gave into his hands the organizing of the artillery
after the European manner. In the Turco-Russian war he achieved
great success, and won the appointment of Governor of Chios, but
soon lost the position through his imprudence. His death occurred at
Constantinople in 1747.


TO FIND THE DAY OF THE WEEK.

  BATH, Ohio.

  I am puzzled. Please give me a rule for ascertaining the day of the
  week on which any day of the year comes.

  SELIVA Q. YOLVARE.

_Answer._—To find the day of the week on which any particular date
of the current year will fall, divide the whole number of days from
the time when computation is made by 7. If there is no remainder
the day sought will be the same day of the week as the day when the
computation is made. If there is a remainder of one it is the next
day of the week, and so on. Illustration: Suppose it is Monday, July
9, and the question is, what day of the week will Aug. 10 be, proceed
as follows: In July after July 9 there are 22 days. Add 10 days in
August, making 32 days. Divide 32 by 7, and the quotient is 4 and 4
remainder. Now July 9 was Monday, so Aug. 10 will be the fourth day
of the week after Monday, or Friday. To find the day of the week for
dates in other years than the current one is a much more serious
matter. It involves many elements, and is, withal, an arithmetical
problem, and therefore excluded from Our Curiosity Shop by one of
its standing rules. There are tables for this class of questions, as
explained in an answer given not long ago.


SUPPORT OF PAUPER RELATIVES.

  LONGMONT, Col.

  What States, if any, require persons to support their pauper
  parents and other near relatives?

  C. WATSON BROWN.

_Answer._—The statutes of Illinois require “that every poor person
who shall be unable to earn a livelihood in consequence of any bodily
infirmity, idiocy, lunacy, or other unavoidable cause, shall be
supported by the father, grandfather, mother, grandmother, children,
grandchildren, brothers or sisters of such person, if they, or either
of them, be of sufficient ability; provided that when persons become
paupers from intemperance or other bad conduct they shall not be
entitled to support from any relative except parent or child.” These
relatives are to be called on in the following order: Children are
to be first called on for parents, if the children are of sufficient
ability, and, if not, then the parents of the poor person; next
brothers and sisters; next grandchildren; next grandparents. Married
females cannot be required to support their poor relatives unless
they have property in their own right. Similar laws exist in most
if not all the other States of the Union. Not having the statutes of
Colorado at hand, we must refer you to them, at the nearest justice’s
office or at the county court house, for definite information as to
your own State.


THE FIRST RAILROAD IN ILLINOIS.

  ALTONA, Ill.

In a recent answer in Our Curiosity Shop it was asserted that “a
section of the Northern Cross Railroad, from Naples to Springfield,
was the first railroad in this State; also, that it was operated by
mule power until 1849.” Now let me say: 1. That the road was built
from Meredosia toward Jacksonville and Springfield in 1838. [It was
begun in 1837, and was opened through to Springfield in 1838—Editor.]
2. A locomotive was shipped by way of the rivers to Meredosia, where
it arrived and was placed on the track in November, 1838. I went from
Peoria, June 15, 1839, by steamboat to Meredosia, where I saw the
locomotive on the new railroad, coupled to a train of cars ready to
pull out. A few years later there was a branch constructed from the
bluff, four or five miles from Meredosia, to Naples. The road from
Naples to Jacksonville and Springfield became the main line, and the
spur to Meredosia was regarded as the branch. [The use of steam was
very soon abandoned, as the road was operated at a loss, and mule
power was resorted to until 1849—Editor.]

  A. G. LITTLE.


DU CHAILLU, THE TRAVELER.

  POSTVILLE, Iowa.

  Please give a short sketch of the life of Paul B. Du Chaillu. How
  is his name pronounced?

  MAUD MAYO.

_Answer._.—Du Chaillu, a great African explorer, began his travels
when but a boy, with his father. For many years they lived upon the
Gaboon River, and in 1855, after spending some years in New York, he
returned to Western Africa, where he devoted four years to travel
and discovery. During this time he traveled about 8,000 miles on
foot, and collected many valuable specimens in natural history.
His works contain the result of his study during this and a later
expedition, their chief interest and value being due to the account
they contain of many hitherto strange tribes, and to his description
of the gorilla and many curious apes. Du Chaillu was born in France
about 1820. His name is pronounced Du Sha-yu, with accent on second
syllable, and sounding a as in far.


SALE OF TOBACCO BY PRODUCER.

  ORLEANS, Ind.

  Has Congress changed the internal revenue laws so as to allow the
  producer to sell to the consumer?

  A. N. W.

_Answer._—Yes, within a narrow limit: as shown by the following
communication from Mr. Milton C. Springer, the efficient and obliging
Chief Deputy Internal Revenue Collector of this district, showing
changes in the law relating to the sale of leaf tobacco by the
producer:

“The law (see section 3.244, United States Revised Statutes,
paragraph 7) defines a retail dealer in leaf tobacco as a person
whose business it is to sell leaf tobacco in quantities less than an
original hogshead, case, or bale; or who sells directly to consumers;
or to persons other than dealers in leaf tobacco, who have paid
a special tax as such, or to manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, or
cigars who have paid a special tax, or to persons who purchase in
original packages for export.

“Section 2 of the act of March 3, 1883, provides that on and after
May 1, retail dealers in leaf tobacco shall pay two hundred and fifty
dollars ($250), and thirty cents for each additional dollar on the
amount of their monthly sales, in excess of the rate of five hundred
dollars ($500) per annum. Provided that farmers and producers of
tobacco may sell at the place of production tobacco of their own
growth and raising, at retail directly to consumers to an amount not
exceeding $100 annually. This proviso, as in the case of all provisos
to general provisions of law, must be construed literally:

“1. The sales must be made at the place of production.

“2. They must be made strictly to consumers and to no other persons.

“3. The tobacco must be of the growth and raising of the farmer or
producer who makes the sales.

“4. The sales must be of leaf tobacco in the form and condition
of leaf as it is ordinarily dried and cured for the market. If
the tobacco is ‘twisted by hand or reduced into a condition to be
consumed, or in any manner other than the ordinary mode of drying and
curing prepared for sale or consumption, even if prepared without
the use of any machine or instrument and without being pressed or
sweetened,’ it is liable to a tax of 8 cents a pound. (See section
14, act of March 1, 1879).

“5. If the farmer or producer sells ordinary leaf at retail directly
to consumers, as hereinbefore stated, to an amount exceeding $100
annually, he becomes liable to pay a special tax as retail dealer
in leaf tobacco. He also becomes liable if he violates any of the
conditions of the said proviso, as herein stated.”


RAIN-GAUGE AND TEMPERATURE.

  OSBORNE CITY, Kan.

  1. How should a rain-gauge be set in order to register rainfall
  correctly? 2. At what hours per day are the observations of
  thermometer taken to get a mean temperature?

  S. B. F.

_Answer._—There are different kinds of rain-gauges, and instructions
for using accompany each instrument. As a rule the mouth of a
rain-gauge is larger than the graduated chamber which measures the
fall. For special observations different forms of gauges are used,
horizontal, inclined, or vertical. For ordinary observations the
mouth of the instrument should be horizontal. Instructions of the
United States Signal Service direct observers to set the rain-gauge
“whenever practicable, with the top of the funnel-shaped collector
twelve inches above the surface of the ground, firmly fixed in a
vertical position. When a position at the level of the ground cannot
be found with a sufficiently clear exposure, the gauge will be placed
on the top of the instrument-room or roof of the building occupied by
the observer, who will measure the height above the ground and report
it to the Chief Signal Officer. The measuring-rod is graduated in
inches and tenths of an inch, and the proportion between the cylinder
and funnel is as ten to one, so that ten inches upon the rod
correspond to one inch of actual rainfall.” “Snow will be melted and
measured, and reported in the same manner as rain. If for any reason
it cannot be melted, the depth will be measured, and ten inches of
snow reported as one inch of rainfall.” There is a great difference
in measure of rain at several elevations above the ground, not wholly
explainable. Professor Phillips found the fall of rain at York,
England, for the year 1833-34 to be 14.16 inches at 213 feet from
the ground; 19.85 inches at 44 feet; and 25.71 on the ground. Daily
mean relative humidity observations, according to the United States
Signal Service, are obtained by dividing 7 a. m., 2 p. m., and 9 p.
m. observations by three; the monthly means by dividing the sum of
the daily means by the number of the days in the month. 2. The daily
mean temperature is obtained by dividing the sum of the 7 a. m., 2 p.
m., and twice the 9 p. m. observations by four.

When a rain-gauge is not at hand, a perfectly cylindrical pan or tub
may be used to measure the rainfall, but it should be elevated at
least a foot above the level lawn or roof.


NEAREST APPROACH TO THE POLE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the nearest that any explorer has got to the north pole?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The nearest approach to the north pole, 83 degrees 20
minutes 26 seconds was made May 12, 1876, by a sledge party sent off
from one of the two vessels of the Nares expedition, fitted out by
the British Government. The point is almost exactly half the distance
from Chicago to New York City by the shortest railroad route.


OUR BROAD REPUBLIC.

  GARDEN CITY, Kan.

  Has the United States any territory outside of the States and
  Western Territories, Alaska, and District of Columbia?

  E. C. W.

_Answer._—No; unless this government should conclude to reduce
to possession the lands discovered in the Arctic and Antarctic
regions by Dr. Kane, Dr. Hayes, Commodore Wilkes, and other American
explorers. Several of these bold discoverers planted the American
flag in the ice of those inhospitable lands and gave names to coasts
and islands of large extent, so situated that if “Uncle Sam” insists
on his title he can now boast, with “John Bull,” that the sun never
sets on his possessions.


JOHN RUSKIN’S ST. GEORGE’S COMPANY.

  PETOSKEY, Mich.

  Be kind enough to give a sketch of the life of John Ruskin. Did he
  not attempt to found a society or colony on a novel plan and fail
  of success?

  E. I. L.

_Answer._—John Ruskin, the eminent English art critic, commenced
the publication, in 1871, of a monthly periodical, entitled _Fors
Clavigera_, addressed particularly to workingmen, and urging them
to join him in forming an organization to be known as “St. George’s
Company,” for the purpose of developing among the working classes
a greater love of the beautiful and raising the common standard
of architecture and home surroundings in rural life. He protested
against “the tyranny and defilement of machinery” in country life. He
set apart about $35,000 (£7,000), the tenth of his private fortune,
to promote the success of this society, of which he was chosen Grand
Master. The workingmen responded but poorly to all his appeals, and
the undertaking is regarded as a failure. A sketch of Ruskin’s life
is contained in Our Curiosity Shop of 1880, page 85.


AN EXCEPTIONAL VICE PRESIDENT.

  ANN ARBOR, Mich.

  What would be done in case of the failure of the people to elect a
  Vice President?

  A POSSIBLE CANDIDATE.

_Answer._—Just what was done in the only instance since the adoption
of the twelfth amendment to the Constitution when such a failure has
occurred. In 1836, no one having received a majority of the votes
cast for Vice President, Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, was chosen
by the United States Senate, he being one of the highest on the list
of persons voted for by the people.


CENTRAL AMERICA.

  BLALOCK, Ore.

  1. What is the present political condition of Central America? 2.
  Are the States united under one federal government, or are they
  independent of each other?

  W. MARIMER.

_Answer._—After much civil strife the people are becoming accustomed
to republican forms of government, and educational and commercial
advantages are increasing; though it must be said that the progress
is not rapid. At present the country is quiet. 2. Until 1839 the
republics of Central America were united into a confederation; but
now each is an independent republic, governed by a president and
at least one legislative body, chosen by universal suffrage. As a
rule the president is elected for four years, but few have held this
office for an entire term. These States consist of Guatemala, Costa
Rica, Nicaragua, San Salvador, and Honduras.


EXPLORERS OE THE SOUTHWEST.

  WICHITA, Kan.

  Our Curiosity Shop has told us of the first American explorers who
  crossed the Northern part of the United States, now please tell us
  who were the first Americans to cross the continent on or about the
  line of the Union Pacific Railroad, or south of that? Name some
  work on the explorers of the Southwest that is instructive and
  reliable, but not expensive.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—It was long believed, and is still generally supposed,
that, after Lewis and Clarke, General John C. Fremont, then a Captain
of Engineers in the United States Army, with a small force, guided
by the famous Kit Carson, was the first explorer who crossed the
continent within the present boundaries of the United States. This he
did in 1843, following much of the way the route afterward adopted
by the Union and Central Pacific Railroads. However, Mr. William
E. Curtis, in his intensely interesting little book entitled “A
Summer Scamper Along the Old Santa Fe Trail, and Through the Gorges
to Zion,” shows conclusively that, while the world is indebted to
Fremont for the first maps and published descriptions of the country
between Central Colorado and the California coast, hunters and
trappers had wound their way through these savage wilds years before
him, and that as early as Jan. 20, 1824, a bold adventurer by the
name of Sylvester Pattie, a Virginian, and his son, with a party of
five other men, left the Missouri River in company with a trading
party for Santa Fe, and some three years later groped his way down
the Gila River into California; where he visited San Francisco, then
an insignificant Mexican trading post and Jesuit mission station.
Arrested as spies by the jealous Mexicans, and imprisoned, it was
some time before these daring adventurers obtained their release
and secured a passage from San Diego to Vera Cruz, whence they got
back to the United States. “The Summer Scamper” and another book
by the same author, “Children of the Sun,” both by The Inter Ocean
Publishing Company, are full of spirited sketches of the early
explorers of the Southwest, graphic descriptions of the scenery of
this wonderful region, and observations on its natural resources
and the progress of the civilization which is invading it from all
directions.


LIVINGSTONE, THE EXPLORER.

  Albia, Iowa.

  Please give a brief account of Dr. Livingstone’s life and
  explorations.

  J. H. ROWLES.

_Answer._—David Livingstone was a Scotchman, born in Lanarkshire in
1817, and when a boy worked in a cotton factory. In 1840 he landed in
Port Natal, Africa, as a medical missionary of the London Missionary
Society, and became an associate of the Rev. Robert Moffat, whose
daughter he afterward married. For sixteen years he labored earnestly
in the mission work, and during that time discovered Lake Ngami
(1849), and crossed the continent from the Zambesi to Loando, a
journey which occupied eighteen months. While in England, in 1857,
Livingstone published his “Missionary Travels and Researches in South
Africa.” Returning to Africa he devoted himself to exploration, and
in 1865 resolved to find the source of the Nile. During the remainder
of his life he was often not heard from for months, and it was during
one of these protracted absences that Mr. Stanley began his travels
to search for him, and found him in great destitution at Ujiji. Dr.
Livingstone died while exploring the river system of the Chambeze
in the belief that these were the head waters of the Nile, having
reached Ulala, beyond Lake Bemba, in 1873. In 1874 his body was
interred in Westminster Abbey.


SUBDIVISIONS OF GOVERNMENT SECTIONS.

  VENTURA, Mich.

  1. In subdividing a township into sections, to what part of the
  township do the fractional sections belong? 2. Sections sometimes
  overrun or fall short in the subdivision of quarter sections into
  “forties” by the County Surveyor: Is this overplus or deficit
  divided equally among the “forties,” or is it all thrown into one
  side?

  CHARLES OWENS.

_Answer._—1. The sections on the northern and western boundaries of a
township are fractional—i. e., they do not contain exactly 640 acres.
The small fragments of these fractional sections are called “lots,”
and they are numbered from 1 upward in each section. 2. The course
that surveyors are directed by the regulations of the General Land
Office to pursue in the subdivision of sections is to run straight
lines from the quarter section corners established by the United
States survey to the opposite corresponding corners, and the point
of intersection of lines so run will be the common corner to the
several quarter sections, or, in other words, the legal center of the
section. In the subdivision of fractional sections, where no opposite
corresponding corners have been or can be fixed, the subdivision
lines should be ascertained by running from the established corners
due north, south, east, or west lines, as the case may be, to the
water-course, Indian boundary line, or other external boundary of
such fractional section. Where the lines marked in the field by the
United States Deputy Surveyors are not due north and south or east
and west lines, “mean courses” must be adopted. Where there is no
opposite section line the subdivision line must be run parallel
to the section line that is marked. The purpose is to divide the
overplus or deficit arising from the unavoidable irregularities and
errors of the United States survey as nearly equal as possible among
the minor subdivisions of the section.


TEA, COFFEE, AND WHISKY.

  When and by whom were tea, coffee, and whisky first used as a
  beverage?

  H. G. CLAYTON.

_Answer._—The use of tea among the Chinese, from whom it has extended
to all parts of the world, cannot be traced with certainty further
back than to 350 A. D., or thereabouts. This use did not become
general in China until about A. D. 800. It was first introduced into
Europe by the Dutch in 1610. How long coffee has been used in Arabia,
its native country, is not certainly known. It was introduced into
Egypt in the sixteenth century. The first coffee house in Europe
was established in Constantinople in 1551. The first person to make
it known to Western Europe seems to have been Leonhard Rauwolf, a
German physician, a great traveler. Once introduced, the use of this
delightful beverage extended rapidly. Coffee houses sprung up in all
the chief cities. The first one in London was opened by a Greek in
Newman’s court, Cornhill, in 1652; the first one in France was opened
in Marseilles in 1671; the first one in Paris in 1672. The earliest
manufacture of whisky is generally referred to the middle of the
sixteenth century, but there are some reasons for believing that it
had an earlier origin. It was made by the Gaels from barley, which
still yields the best quality, and was called by them _uisge beatha_,
later _usque baugh_, _the water of life_—of which first word “whisky”
is a corruption.


CONVICT LABOR.

  RUTLAND, Ill.

  If convicts can make a better article than those who are not
  convicts, why should other mechanics complain? At least, why
  shouldn’t the public be permitted to utilize the labor of convicts
  for its own good?

  WM. MARSHALL.

_Answer._—No doubt it is sound policy to make use of convict labor
for the public good and the improvement of the criminals themselves,
but the real question is, How is this to be done? Manufacturers and
honest mechanics complain that the present system of hiring out
convicts to contractors puts the labor of the untaxed criminals,
housed at the expense of the State, without families to support, and
free from all social and civil burdens, in unfair competition with
the labor or industrial products of honest workmen who have families
to maintain, taxes to pay, and social and civil duties to perform.
Whether the contract system can be so adjusted as to remove any just
ground of complaint of the nature here pointed out is a question that
is eliciting the earnest study of some of our most profound social
and political economists. We cannot discuss it in this place, nor
have we any dictum to proclaim. It must be said for the system that
it is the only one, with few, if any, exceptions, that has rendered
American penitentiaries self-sustaining.


MUSHROOM GARDENING.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Tell us how to raise mushrooms. Are they produced from seed or not?

  W.

_Answer._—The mushroom spawn is sold in bricks, and should be used
in the following manner: Procure a quantity of good horse dung and
make it into a heap, which must be frequently turned for a fortnight,
until the rankness has disappeared. Then build it into beds twelve
inches in height and four feet wide, under a shed ten feet wide. This
will allow room for a walk through the center of the shed. Pack the
dung tightly, and cover it with long straw for ten days, when the
straw must be removed and an inch of fine loam spread upon the beds.
On this plant the spawn, which has been broken into pieces the size
of a walnut, in rows six inches apart, and cover with another inch of
mold, over which spread the straw. When the mold is too dry sprinkle
it with tepid water. In five or six weeks the young mushrooms should
appear.


BATTLE OF THE PYRAMIDS.

  RAVANNA, Mo.

  I have a picture entitled “The Battle of the Pyramids.” Where,
  when, and by whom was that battle fought?

  C. E. J.

_Answer._—The “Battle of the Pyramids” was fought at Embabeh,
opposite Cairo, Egypt, July 21, 1798, between the French, commanded
by Napoleon Bonaparte, and the Egyptian Mamelukes, commanded by Murad
Bey. The latter fought with desperate valor, but they were completely
bewildered by European tactics. The French infantry, formed into
squares, received the fierce charges of the magnificent Mameluke
cavalry, which swarmed around them, on their serried bayonets, while
a galling fire of grape and musketry virtually annihilated whole
divisions of their army. Out of an army of over 60,000 men Murad Bey
escaped with barely 2,500 horse, leaving 15,000 men on the field of
battle and the rest of his troops, their arms abandoned, fleeing
in utter rout in all directions completely disorganized. From the
circumstance that this battle was fought within sight of the famous
pyramids of Gizeh, near Cairo, it took the name above mentioned.


FIRES OCCASIONED BY LOCOMOTIVES.

  ADELINE, Ill.

  Are railway companies responsible for damage to farm property
  occasioned by locomotives or must the farmer bear the loss.

  ADELINE READER.

_Answer._—State laws require railway companies to use certain
precautions against fire from locomotive sparks or coals from ash
pan. If it can be shown that damage to property has resulted from
neglect of these laws or through culpability of railway employes,
the company is responsible. The spark extinguishers on locomotive
smoke stacks check the draft and on this account engines frequently
run considerable distances with them uncovered. Again they often
dump panfuls of live coals on the track, when the prairie grass
and stubble are like tinder and the wind is blowing a gale. Damage
done through such culpability is fairly chargeable to the railway
companies, and, if the facts can be proved, they can be made to pay
the loss.


SERGEANT MASON’S SENTENCE.

  GALT, Mich.

  What was Sergeant Mason’s sentence? Please answer and settle a
  dispute. State main facts.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Sergeant Mason, one of the soldiers detailed to guard
Guiteau, fired into his cell on Sept. 12, 1881, with the intention,
as he confessed, to kill him. He was tried by court martial early in
1882, and sentenced to be dismissed from the army, with loss of pay,
and to be imprisoned for eight years in the Penitentiary at Albany.


AUTHOR OF DYING CALIFORNIAN.

  GRAND DETOUR.

Seeing no response to the question as to who is the author of the
poem entitled the “Dying Californian,” I wish to say that this poem
was written by Kate Harris, of Pascoag, R. I., now Mrs. Charles
Plass, of Napa City, Cal. It was suggested by hearing a letter which
was dictated by Brown Owens when dying, on his way to California. It
was read at his funeral services at Chepachet, R. I.

  M. W. GILMAN.


THE CHRISTIAN ERA—WHEN FIRST USED.

  1. When was the practice of reckoning time from the birth of Christ
  instituted, and by whom? 2. What nations now reckon time according
  to this era?

  G.

_Answer._—Dionysius the Little, a learned monk, introduced the use of
this epoch in Italy in the sixth century. It began to be made use of
in Gaul and England about two centuries later. It is now followed in
nearly all Christian countries and in several Eastern nations.


THE TWELVE CÆSARS.

  SAOPI, Minn.

  Who were the twelve Cæsars?

  M. H. MILLER.

_Answer._—The twelve Cæsars are Julius Cæsar and the eleven Emperors
following him, most of whom were from his family. Nerva was chosen by
the Senate, and was the first to select a successor without regard
to family. Following are the names and dates of the reigns of the
twelve: Julius Cæsar, 44; Augustus, 31 B. C.-14 A. D., Tiberius,
14-37; Caius, 37-41; Claudius, 41-54; Nero, 54-68; Galba, 68-69;
Otho, 69; Vitellius, 69; Vespasian, 69-79; Titus, 79-81; Domitian,
81-96. The title Cæsar was given to all of the Roman Emperors, until
the time of Hadrian, after whom Cæsar was the title of the heir of
the throne, and the title of the Emperor was Augustus.


SINKING BRIDGE PIERS.

  FREEPORT, Ill.

  Please explain the use of compressed air in sinking the caissons of
  the great Brooklyn and New York bridge.

  F. R. SMITH.

_Answer._—The method of sinking cylinders by use of compressed air
was invented by Mr. Triger, of England, in 1841, but has been carried
to greater results in the United States than anywhere else. Tubular
cast-iron shells are used to form a large hollow pile, which may be
forced downward by its own weight and superincumbent masonry built
on it as it descends. Compressed air is employed inside such shells
to force the water out at the bottom, where the pile or caisson is
open, while it is air-tight and water-tight at all other points. It
was formerly supposed men could not work under a pressure of more
than three atmospheres, which is required in most cases to keep out
water at a depth of sixty-five feet, but in the case of the St. Louis
bridge, caissons were sunk a depth of 110 feet below the surface.
So, in the case of sinking the Brooklyn bridge piers, the men at
work in the compressed air chamber, excavating the earth as the pier
descended, worked in an atmosphere from three to four times as heavy
as in the open air; a strain which they could endure but a short
while at a time, and which proved fatal in many instances.


PROPERTY OF ALIENS.

  GRISWOLD, Iowa.

  If a Welshman who has not been naturalized dies in this country,
  who inherits his estate? Would the making of a will make any
  material difference as to the control of his property?

  FLORA K. SMITH.

_Answer._—Each of the States has its own laws in regard to the rights
of aliens. In Iowa aliens, that is persons of foreign birth who have
not been naturalized by their own act or that of their parents, may
acquire, inherit, hold, and dispose of property, real or personal,
precisely as if they were citizens. The same is true in most of the
States. In Pennsylvania alien friends may buy lands not exceeding
5,000 acres, nor in net annual income $20,000, and hold the same as
citizens may, but there are certain differences between them and
citizens in the matter of real estate conveyances, inheritance, etc.
A will prevents the property of an alien from escheating to the
State in case of non-appearance of heirs; and, as in the case of
citizens, transcends the statute and common law as to the division of
property among the heirs of persons who die intestate, i. e. without
testamentary wills.


LAND WARRANTS.

  COVE, Oregon.

  Is there anything to prevent a person from locating a land warrant
  on public lands in this State? For what wars were land warrants
  given, and what are they worth?

  JAMES M. SELDERS.

_Answer._—Military bounty land warrants are issued by the
Commissioner of Pensions for services in the several wars before the
year 1855. No warrants are issued for services during the war for
the Union; but soldiers can be credited on homestead entries for the
terms of their enlistments, up to four years of the time of residence
required as a condition of title in cases of ordinary homesteaders.
These warrants call for 40, 60, 80, 120, or 160 acres of land, as the
case may be, and being assignable can be located by any purchaser.
They should be bought only of responsible dealers, with a written
guarantee that, in case of error or defect, the settler will not lose
anything thereby. The market price of such warrants is from $1 to
$1.20 per acre. There is no reason why these cannot be used in paying
for public lands in Oregon as well as in other States or Territories.
Applications must be made as in cash cases, but accompanied with a
warrant duly assigned as payment for the land. Yet where the land
is $2.50 per acre, as the warrant pays only for land at $1.25 per
acre, the remaining $1.25 per acre must be paid in cash. However, a
tract of eighty acres, rated at $2.50 per acre, for example, can be
paid for by two eighty-acre warrants without any cash, except fees
chargeable by land officers, as follows: For a forty-acre tract, 50
cents each to Register and Receiver; for sixty acres, 75 cents each;
for eighty acres, $1; and so on.


NOON BY CLOCK AND BY SUN-DIAL.

  SUN RIVER, M. T.

  The following rule will enable any one to determine the true
  difference between noon by clock-time and noon by the sun-dial or
  noon-mark; which seems to be a vexing question with some of your
  correspondents: Rule: From any almanac take the time from sunrise
  to 12 o’clock and from 12 o’clock to sunset. Half of the difference
  between the two is the number of minutes which the dial shows
  wrong, either plus or minus. This is called the equation of time
  and varies about fifteen minutes either way, at its highest.

  JOHN KERLER.


THREE AMERICAN AUTHORESSES.

  ENGLEWOOD, Ill.

  Please name the author of “The Lamplighter”—an old book, but a good
  one—and who wrote “The Wide, Wide World.”

  E. O. G.

_Answer._—The author of “The Lamplighter” was Maria S. Cummins, born
in Massachusetts in 1827; died in 1866. The writer of “The Wide, Wide
World,” of which there were 500,000 copies sold in the first ten
years, and of “Queechey,” is Susan Warner, born in New York in 1818.
Her sister Anna is the popular author of “The Fourth Watch,” “The
Other Shore,” and other works published under the pseudonym of “Amy
Lathrop.”


BONANZA FARMS—U.S. MARINE.

  PLEASANT PLAINS, Ill.

  1. Who owns the largest farm in Dakota and how many acres does it
  contain? Which is the largest in the United States? 2. How many
  ships has the United States engaged in commerce?

  ALBIN C. DEMARY.

_Answer._-The largest farm in the United States is the estate of
the late Dr. Glenn, of California, over 60,000 acres. The largest
farm in Dakota is the Grandin Farm, covering about 50,000 acres, and
requiring the labor of 150 men at seed time and 250 at harvest. The
largest cultivated area under one control is the 28,000 acres farmed
by Oliver Dalrymple. 2. June 30, 1880, the shipping of the United
States was classified as follows: Sailing vessels, 16,830; steam
vessels, 4,717; barges, 1,930, and canal-boats, etc., 1,235; total,
24,712, measuring 4,069,035 tons. In 1882 (June 30) the commercial
navy of this country numbered 24,368 vessels, of 4,165,933 tons.


WHERE POSTAL SERVICE IS SELF-SUPPORTING.

  LONGMONT, Col.

  In what States is the United States postal service self-supporting.

  C. WATSON BROWN.

_Answer._—In Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Maine,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Wisconsin, and Alaska, in
which States and Territory the excess of receipts over expenditures
in the year ending June 30, 1882, amounted to $6,951,696, while
the excess of expenditures over receipts in the rest of the Union
amounted to $5,114,930, leaving a surplus, for the first time in
several years, amounting to $1,836,765.


THOMAS NAST, THE CARICATURIST.

  ASHKUM, Ill.

  Give a short biographical sketch of Thomas Nast, the great
  “caricaturist.”

  C. K. LANGLEY.

_Answer._—Thomas Nast is a Bavarian, having been born at Landau,
Sept. 27, 1840. At six years of age he came to the United States with
his father, and at 15, with six months instruction from Theodore
Kaufmann, he began to furnish illustrations for newspapers. His
reputation, by the caricatures he made, was won during the civil war.


MAXIMILIAN I.

  URBANA, Ill.

  Please give me a short biography of Maximilian I., of Germany.

  NETTIE AYERS.

_Answer._—Maximilian I., one of the greatest German Emperors, was
born in 1459, and at the age of 19 married Maria, daughter of Charles
the Bold. This union led to war with Louis XI. of France, who tried
to seize some of Princess Maria’s possessions. In 1486 he was
crowned King of the Romans, and in 1493, at the death of his father,
Maximilian became Emperor of Germany. Later he married the daughter
of the Duke of Milan. He was led to war with the Swiss, Venetians,
and French. He died in 1519.


ORPHAN ASYLUMS.

  CARTHAGE, Ill.

  Is there an asylum for orphan children in Illinois? If so, where is
  it?

  H. L. RAND.

_Answer._—The only State orphan asylum in Illinois is the Soldiers
Orphans’ Home at Normal. There are several orphan asylums in Chicago
and vicinity, sustained by churches or by private benefactions.
Among these are the Chicago Protestant Orphan Asylum, 2228 Michigan
avenue; Chicago Nursery and Half Orphan Asylum, 855 North Halsted
street; German Orphan Asylum, at Rose Hill (Havelock Postoffice);
St. Joseph’s Orphan Asylum, Douglas avenue, corner of Lake; and St.
Mary’s Orphan Asylum, 2928 Archer avenue; Uhlich Orphan Asylum. There
are others of similar nature in other parts of the State, as the
German Evangelical Lutheran Orphan Asylum, at Addison; Orphan Home,
Jacksonville; Asylum of St. Casimir for Polish children, LaSalle;
Home for the Friendless, Peoria; Woodland Home, Quincy. Besides these
there are in Chicago several houses for foundlings.


LANGUAGES AND TONGUES.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the difference between a language and a tongue? How many
  languages and tongues are now spoken?

  J. G. SMITH.

_Answer._—Language is a term that is applicable to any mode of
conveying ideas, whether by speech, writing, hieroglyphics, or a
system of gestures or pantomime. Even the deaf and dumb have several
languages, but cannot be properly said to have “tongues.” Tongue
is an English term for the spoken language of a particular people,
as the French tongue, the German tongue, and so on. The number
of languages of all the kinds above designated or the number of
tongues in all the world is not known. There are over 6,000 known
languages and dialects: how many more will be discovered when we have
thoroughly explored Africa and Central and Northern Asia is still a
matter of conjecture.


AMERICAN VESSELS SOLD.

  SHEBOYGAN, Wis.

  What proportion of American shipping was sold to foreigners during
  the civil war? How much was sold last year?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—During the four years, 1861 to 1865, inclusive, the tonnage
of American vessels sold to foreigners, mainly to escape capture,
or because it could not be profitably employed while exposed to war
risk, compared with our total merchant marine as follows:

  Years.    Total tonnage.      Tons sold.
  1861        5,539,813            26,649
  1862        5,112,164           117,756
  1863        5,155,056           222,199
  1864        4,986,400           300,865
  1865        1,579,994           133,832
                                  ———————
      Total tons sold             801,301

As the laws of the United States interdict the re-enrollment of any
of these vessels, and restoration of the privileges of our flag, this
was a permanent loss to the tonnage of our merchant marine, although
it is certain that many of them continued to be the property in fact
of American citizens, sailing under foreign colors. The sale of
American vessels to foreigners in 1879 amounted to 43,312 tons, and
in 1880 to 26,883 tons.


QUEEN VICTORIA’S SURNAME.

  PANORA, Iowa.

Having noticed in Our Curiosity Shop what is said in regard to the
surname of the Queen of England, I send you the following extract
from the _Whitehall Review_ on this subject: “At dinner the other
night the conversation lapsed, as it sometimes will lapse with
the best, into questions hardly distinguishable from conundrums.
A celebrated historian was present, and I put a question to him
which I know has puzzled a great many people at different times:
‘What is the surname of the royal family?’ ‘Guelph, of course.’
That is the usual answer, and it was the historian’s. I ventured
to suggest that although the royal family are Guelphs by descent,
her Majesty’s marriage with Prince Albert of Saxe-Cobourg must have
the effect which the marriage of a lady has in all other cases, and
that the surname of the present house must be the Prince Consort’s.
But what is the surname of the Prince Consort’s family? Simple, but
staggering. No one knew. All guessed, and all were wrong. I happened
to have looked up the subject a few months ago, so I knew that the
name was ‘Wettin.’ Of course no one had heard it before. Every one
smiled at the horrible idea of the Guelphs being reduced to Wettins!
The point was referred to Theodore Martin. ‘You are quite right,’
said the graceful biographer of the Prince Consort. ‘Wettin is the
family name of the house of Saxony, to whom the dominion of Saxony in
the year 1420. The king of Saxony and the minor princes of the house
are, therefore, all Wettins; or, German, Wettiner.’” [Nevertheless,
the fact remains that none of the royal family sign either of the
names, Guelph or Wettin, or are addressed by either name in any form
of address, oral or written.—ED.]

  MRS. H. R. BRYAN.


NATIONAL, STATE AND LOCAL WEALTH AND DEBT.

  SIOUX CITY, Iowa.

  Tell us what is the total public indebtedness of the United States
  of all kinds, National, State, county, city, township, district,
  etc. Also what part of the Union, the East, West, or South, owes
  the most. Finally, give the wealth per capita East, West and South.

  DISPUTANT.

_Answer._—According to statistics in “The West in 1880,” since
confirmed by the census returns, the local indebtedness of the
several States (consisting of county, city, town and district
debts, bonded and floating) added to State indebtedness, aggregated
$1,117,821,671, or $22.28 per capita; and the wealth, measured by the
assessed valuation, amounted to $336.89 per capita, distributed by
States and Territories as follows:

                                                Per          Wealth
  States and Territories.       Debt.         capita.       per cap.
  New Eng. States           $178,654,977      $44.54        $661.27
  Mid. States                488,638,655       41.57         473.55
  South. States              204,887,805       13.43         155.29
  West. States               243,984,183       13.17         333.63
  Territories                  1,656,051        2.73         211.29
                          ——————————————      ——————        ———————
    Total                 $1,117,821,671      $22.28        $336.89

In some States local indebtedness has diminished since 1880, while in
others it has increased. Assuming that the total local indebtedness
is about the same, we may add to the above $1,117,821,671, the
National debt at close of June 30, 1883, say $1,884,171,728, and
it appears that the total public debt of this country is about
$3,001,993,399.


PERVERSITY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

  OPDYKE, Ill.

  Seeing that the earth’s diameter at the equator is greater than at
  the poles, and Lake Itasca is nearer the center of the earth than
  the surface of the Gulf of Mexico, why isn’t it proper to say that
  the Mississippi River runs up hill?

  HARRY.

_Answer._—This notion that the Mississippi, in order to accommodate
itself to theories as to the shape of the earth, is performing the
remarkable feat of running up hill, is sufficiently prevalent to
lead to the iteration and reiteration of the above question as often
as once a week at least. Of course we cannot reiterate answers so
frequently, and hence generally pass the question unnoticed, as
correspondents have passed our by-gone replies. A lengthy answer
will be found in Our Curiosity Shop of last year, page 95. Here and
now we will merely say that the United States Hydrographical Survey
flatly contradicts the notion that Lake Itasca is lower than the Gulf
of Mexico. It gives the levels at numerous points between that lake
and the mouth of the Mississippi, and, surprising as it may seem,
considering that the equator has “got the bulge” on all the rest of
the world, this survey demonstrates that this old-fashioned river,
following the custom of other rivers, with unyielding perversity,
is running down hill; in some places at the rate of twenty-five
feet and more per mile, and in others at the rate of only several
inches. Perhaps this all comes of its never having been “to high
school,” or a gymnasium. In fact its education has been totally
neglected, except down South, where it has been trained into a bad
habit of climbing levees. Whatever the shape of the earth—whether
its equatorial diameter is twenty-six miles greater than its axial
diameter, or more or less; and whether the waters of the ocean are
or are not drawn toward the equator by the centrifugal force of
the earth’s diurnal motion, until they stand several miles higher
there than they would if the globe had no diurnal motion—one fact is
established beyond all equivocation, and that is, that tide level
at the mouth of the Mississippi is about 1,575 feet lower than Lake
Itasca; which entirely relieves this grand old son of Neptune of any
necessity for waging war with the laws of nature and fighting his way
up hill to revisit the halls of his father, the “Trident-bearer,”
in the briny chambers of the sea. Probably if the earth’s motion on
its axis were to cease there would be a reflux of waters from the
equatorial region into the Gulf of Mexico, up the Mississippi Valley,
across into the Red River of the North and the Mackenzie, submerging
the greater part of North America. Let us hope that the earth will
continue to spin on its axis at about the same rate as now, at least
until we have sold out all our farms and corner lots and moved to
equatorial America, where land will then be considerably higher than
it is at present in more senses than one.


FIRST CHAPLAINS OF CONGRESS.

  LEIGHTON, Iowa.

  When was the first prayer offered in the Congress of the United
  States and by whom? Is there any official record of the matter? If
  so, where can it be found?

  H. CLEW.

_Answer._—The first chaplain of the Senate of the United States was
the Rt. Rev. Samuel Provoost, of the Episcopal Church, Bishop of New
York. The first chaplain of the House of Representatives was the Rev.
Wm. Lynn, D. D., of the Presbyterian Church. Both of these officiated
in the first Congress organized under the present Constitution in
the spring of 1789. The Congressional proceedings of that time are
preserved in the “American State Papers,” selected and edited under
authority of Congress.


THE HARMONICA.

  UNION CITY, Ind.

  Please give a history of the harmonica.

  FORD A. CARPENTER.

_Answer._—The original harmonica consisted of drinking glasses,
played with moistened fingers. We read that about 1750 Mr.
Packeridge, an Irish gentleman, was noted as a player upon glasses,
whose pitch was regulated by the amount of water contained in each.
Benjamin Franklin greatly improved the harmonica by making the
glasses revolve about a spindle and fixing the pitch by the size of
the glass. He also adopted a different color for each note in the
scale, and moistened the rims by passing them through water. Miss
Davis, a relative of Franklin, became a celebrated harmonica player,
and performed at concerts with great credit. The mouth organ, which
is now commonly called the harmonica, is a toy in which the sounds
are produced by the vibration of metallic reeds, moved by the breath.
Reed instruments essentially similar have been in use in China,
Germany, and Holland from very early times. The inventor is unknown.


OREGON AND WASHINGTON TERRITORY.

  ALTA, Iowa.

  Please inform your readers about Northern Oregon and Washington
  Territory. Is any part of them safe from Indian depredations? Is
  the land mainly government or railroad grants? State chief facts as
  to soil, climate, and the various kinds of grain raised.

  R.

_Answer._—The Indians in Oregon and Washington Territory are all
gathered into reservations, and are now peaceable. They are not so
fierce and restless as the tribes on this side of the Rockies, being
more inclined to pastoral life, farming, and fishing. Little trouble
is to be apprehended from this source, particularly in Oregon, the
Indian population of which is not large. There are great bodies of
public lands. The railroad land-grants are not so extensive as in
the Missouri Valley States. There are immense quantities of fine
timber lands open to purchase at the minimum price of $2.50 per
acre under the “timber lands act” of June 3, 1878, which applies
only to such lands in Oregon, Washington Territory, California, and
Nevada. There are also wide sections in these States for sale at 25
cents an acre under the “desert lands” act of March 3, 1877. Great
bargains have been made in lands passed under this description which
are capable of easy irrigation, and are then remarkably productive.
Oregon is divided into two parts, differing essentially in climate
and productions by the Cascade Range of mountains, running nearly
parallel with the Pacific coast, with an average breadth of 50 to 60
miles, and an average elevation of 8,000 feet. The portion of the
State west of this range, constituting about one-third of its total
area, is well watered, is generally very fertile, and, for the most
part, covered with forests of valuable timber. The eastern two-thirds
of the State, with the exception of the broad, fertile valleys of the
Colombia and Wallawalla Rivers, is mainly made up of elevated plains,
with insufficient rainfall for agriculture, except in districts where
artificial irrigation is practicable.

The description of Washington Territory corresponds in the main
with that of Oregon. The Territory is similarly divided, as regards
climate and productions, by the Cascade Range. The rainfall is even
greater in the western portion of Washington Territory than in the
corresponding portion of Oregon, ranging from 70 inches in the
south to the remarkable measure of 125 inches in the north, where
it borders on Puget Sound. In this same region the temperature is
remarkably equable, varying but 27 degrees during the year between
the lowest and highest points. East of the Cascades a narrow strip
on the north is mountainous and covered with forests, but south of
this lies the Great Plain of the Columbia. Along the western border
of this vast region, next the Cascade Range, it is claimed that the
rainfall is sufficient for good cereal crops. The same is asserted of
its eastern edge, bordering the Coeur d’Alene Mountains of Idaho; but
the rest of it, like the southern extension of the same plain into
Oregon, is fit only for grazing, except where irrigation is possible.
It resembles very much the western portions of Kansas and Nebraska
and the western parts of Colorado and Wyoming. In both regions
the nutritious, self-curing bunch grasses, which form the chief
reliance of the herdsmen east of the Rockies, abound. The grazing and
agricultural interests of Oregon and Washington are increasing with
great rapidity. The census of 1880 credits Oregon with 500,000 cattle
and 1,250,000 sheep, and Washington with 250,000 cattle and 200,000
sheep, and since then the increase has been nearly 100 per-cent. The
wheat crop of Oregon, according to the census, was 7,480,010 bushels,
the oat crop 4,385,650 bushels, and the barley crop 920,977 bushels.
At the same time in Washington Territory the wheat crop was 1,921,322
bushels, the oat crop 1,571,706, and the barley crop 566,537 bushels.
Undoubtedly the completion of the Northern Pacific Railroad this year
will open an era of marvelous growth in the State and Territory above
described.


WILLIAM COBBETT, THE AGITATOR.

  ALDER GROVE, Neb.

  Who was William Cobbett? He is spoken of as a reformer.

  J. M. K.

_Answer._—He was an English political writer of the latter part of
the last and the first third of the present century. Born at Farnham,
Eng., in 1762, the son of a farmer of moderate means, he acquired
habits of industry and self-dependence. Not liking rural pursuits,
he went to London and engaged as a copying clerk. Soon tiring of
this occupation, he enlisted in the British army, where he rose by
merit to the rank of Sergeant Major. His spare time in barracks was
given to self-education, and on obtaining his discharge, in 1791,
he married and emigrated to Philadelphia, where he entered upon his
after career as a political writer under the pseudonym of “Peter
Porcupine.” At this period he satirized American democracy and
French republicanism, attacking the inconsistencies and political
fallacies of the time in terms of scorn and bitter denunciation. He
was denounced by the American press, particularly by the Democrats,
or “Republicans” of those times, as a Tory aiming at reviving the
royalistic element in this country, not then completely eradicated.
Not pleased with the reception of his political diatribes he returned
in 1800 to England, and in 1802 began the publication of his _Weekly
Political Register_, now famous, which he continued to his death,
June 18, 1835. At first Tory, the _Register_ gradually changed its
politics until it became the most fierce and unrelenting opponent of
the government, then conducted by Pitt, and the foremost champion
of English Radicalism. He advocated the abolition of flogging in
the army, and for strictures on the government and satires and
charges claimed to be libellous against certain high officials, he
was condemned to imprisonment for two years in Newgate Prison, and
to pay a fine of £1,000. He attacked the six acts of the British
Parliament for the suppression of free discussion, pouring vials of
abuse on the leaders of the government party; and to escape pecuniary
embarrassments and the dread of again going to Newgate, he once
more came to America, where his change of politics had raised up
many friends. He virtually edited his _Weekly Political Register_
from this side the Atlantic until some years later when he returned
to England. Radicalism had made great strides, and he found himself
one of its recognized champions. In 1829-30 he delivered political
lectures in several of the principal towns of England and Scotland,
and was everywhere met with enthusiastic welcome as the boldest
and most powerful advocate of the people’s rights. In 1832 he was
elected to the first reformed Parliament as the member for Oldham.
He was re-elected in 1834, and continued in this relation until his
death the following year. Among his many popular works may be named
“Cottage Economy,” “Rural Riches,” “Advice to Young Men and Women,”
“The Emigrant’s Guide,” “Parliamentary History,” and an “English
Grammar.”


CONCRETE OR GROUT HOUSES.

  FOUNTAIN, D. T.

  Please describe the method of building houses with concrete walls.
  What should be used to make the concrete, and in what proportions?
  Will common lime answer, or must Portland cement or water lime be
  used? The former comes high here.

  WM. M. FISK.

_Answer._—For the foundation, especially in sandy or wet soils, it
is best to use water lime, or a mixture of Portland cement or water
lime and quick lime in the proportions of two shovelfuls of the
former and one of quick lime putty to fourteen of fine gravel (or
fine and coarse mixed) and one of coarse sand. Above the ground or
embankment use quick lime in the proportions of one shovelful of lime
putty to six or eight of gravel sand. The proportions depend on the
strength of the lime, which varies according to the quality of the
stone from which it is made. Slake the quick lime into putty ready
for use, mix it partially with the gravel, and only add the water
lime at the last moment before filling the barrow or hod. For the
foundation dig a ditch of the proper size and dump the concrete into
it. Cover it and give it a couple of days to set and harden before
starting the upper walls. Take fence boards for mold boards; make
clamps of three-quarter inch strips, tapering from two inches to one
and one-half inches, so as to drive out of the wall easily before
the concrete is hard; bore a half-inch hole in each and two inches
further apart than the thickness of the wall, and make half-inch pegs
four inches long for these holes. Set one tier of these molds on
top of the foundation all around, resting on clamps at distances of
five to six feet, and with as many clamps on upper edge to gauge the
molds. Now shovel or dump in the fresh concrete as fast as you can
mix it. If the weather is fine you can set a second tier of molds on
top of the first, twenty-four hours, or even eight hours, after the
first were filled, and fill in at the same rate as before, provided
you leave the first molds undisturbed. As soon as the second tier
is filled, draw the pegs from the taper ends of the lowest tier of
clamps and drive them out. Remove the lower set of mold boards and
begin a third tier at once. Leave the holes left by clamps, for the
air to circulate through. A foot wall for first story and ten-inch
above that, with eight-inch for partitions, will make a good strong
building. The outside should have a coat of plaster made of medium
fine sand, mixed with equal portions of quick lime and water lime;
and this plaster should be marked out, before it becomes fully
hardened, into blocks, to resemble stonework. As concrete houses,
like brick ones, are apt to be damp if plastered directly on the
walls, it is best to run in small blocks or strips sixteen inches
from center to center, on top of every third or fourth course, before
filling the molds with concrete, keep these flush with the inside of
walls. Nail inch strips to these blocks to serve for scantling, and
lath and plaster over this “furring,” as it is called, and you will
have dry walls. Have window and door frames ready to build in as you
go; securing them by blocks nailed to jambs, around which pack the
concrete to hold them firm. Level up the course of concrete when
you reach the height for the first joists, and lay an inch board
four inches wide on concrete to rest joists on. Have ends of joists
that enter wall cut beveling, so that in case the inside of building
burns the joists will drop without prying the walls down. Set joists,
leveling them carefully, and go on building wall as before. A
concrete house built in this way is as substantial as brick.


LAS VEGAS HOT SPRINGS.

  BATAVIA, Iowa.

  Are the hot springs of Las Vegas, N. M., beneficial in cases of
  chronic rheumatism? How far are they from Chicago, and what is the
  route to them? Also, kindly state the fare.

  E. C.

_Answer._—The Las Vegas hot springs are reputed to be highly
beneficial in cases of chronic and inflammatory rheumatism;
particularly in the latter. They are situated on the New Mexico
line of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad, 770 miles from
Kansas City, which makes them 1,259 miles from Chicago, via the
Chicago and Alton. The regular fare from Chicago to Kansas City is
$14.90; from Kansas City or Atchison to Las Vegas and return it is
$42.80. It is claimed also that these springs are of great benefit
to patients suffering with blood-poisons, paralysis, dyspepsia, and
nervous diseases. In the mountain streams the fishing is good, and
game is plenty in neighboring localities. From this point to Santa
Fe, sixty-five miles, the railroad runs through one of the most
interesting portions of this continent, historically considered; a
region filled with the wonderful ruins of the old Aztec civilization,
the birthplace of the Montezumas.


BASKET WILLOW

  LOVELAND, Col.

  Is the basket willow marketable in the United States at rates that
  pay for cultivating it? If so, how is it cultivated, and what soil
  is best suited for it.

  I. H. DAVIS.

_Answer._—Repeated efforts have been made to cultivate the osier, or
basket willow, in the United States, but the labor of peeling and
preparing it for the market costs so much more here than in Europe,
where this work is done by women and children at trivial wages, that
it has been found difficult to compete with the imported stock. The
annual importation of prepared willow during the ten years ending
in 1879 averaged $33,000, and the willow-work $170,000 a year. The
soils best adapted for the osier are rich alluvions and reclaimed
swamps. If liable to overflow in spring floods, the ground should
have drainage ditches. It is well to have means of irrigating the
land in very dry weather. It is propagated from cuttings, selected
from the wood grown the year before, cut smoothly into lengths of
about ten inches, thrust into soil butt-end first, so as to leave
only about an inch above ground. Care must be taken not to peel the
bark in setting these slips, and for this reason it is sometimes best
to use a hard wood or iron rod to make the hole. They should slope
at an angle of 45 degrees toward the north. It is best to plant in
straight rows from 20 to 28 inches apart, according to whether they
are to be cut every year or every other year, and at intervals of
six or eight inches. It is sometimes preferable to set in trenches,
and, if the soil is poor, to fertilize with leaf-mold, stable manure,
or bonedust, and irrigate with the soakings of manure during dry
weather. The ground should be kept mellow and well weeded. The time
of cutting should be late in the fall or in winter. The rods should
be sorted into sizes, tied in bundles, dried in the sun, and stored
in a dry place until ready for peeling. When peeled they should be
dried for a day or so in the sun, when if properly prepared they will
be white and brilliant; otherwise they will look dull, which impairs
their value in market. If exposed to cold and dry winds, the growing
osier should be protected by wind-breaks. Dr. F. B. Hough, Chief of
the Forestry Division of the Department of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C., says: “An osier plantation costs about $20 per acre for
cultivation and yields about $100 to $125 per acre.” If this holds
good anywhere in this country, it is strange that osier cultivation
is so generally reported unprofitable.


CHEAP PROCESS OF SILVERING METALS.

  WEST LIBERTY, Iowa.

  Please give us instructions for plating or silvering cups, spoons,
  and other metal articles.

  A. H. COX.

_Answer._—Electro-plating is a process that requires apparatus, and
a degree of skill in using the same which render it scarcely worth
while to enter into a detailed description of it. We outlined the
process not long ago, and cannot reiterate it. A cheap and simple
method of silvering metals, that any one can put in practice, is as
follows:

Clean the articles to be silvered with nitric acid, rub them with
a mixture of cyanide of potassium and powdered silver, and wash
thoroughly in clear, warm water. Then plunge them into a liquor
composed of two parts, by weight, of grape sugar or sugar of milk,
two of gallic acid, and 650 parts of distilled water, filtered and
kept from the air in tightly-corked bottles until the instant of use.
After a few minutes take them out of this liquor and immerse them in
another composed of twenty parts, by weight, of nitrate of silver,
twenty parts of ammonia solution, and 650 parts of distilled water.
Repeat this process, plunging the articles first into one liquor and
then into the other, every few minutes, until they are all well
coated. The process can be accelerated by heating either the mixture
or the articles to a moderate degree. Some persons prefer to mix the
two liquors at the moment of use in equal quantities. In such case,
shake the mixture thoroughly and filter before immersing the metals.
The ammonia solution should be of standard strength. If there is any
doubt of this, dissolve the nitrate of silver for the second liquor
in the distilled water, add the first liquor, mix thoroughly, and
add only enough ammonia to clear the mixture. This is the process
for copper, brass, German silver, and similar articles, but before
silvering iron or steel they should be coated with copper by leaving
them for a little time in a solution of sulphate of copper.


THE GUILLOTINE.

  FAIRMONT, Neb.

  I should like to know who was the inventor of the guillotine. How
  was it constructed and operated.

  W. P. JACKS.

_Answer._—For many years the invention of the guillotine, the
instrument for inflicting capital punishment adopted by the French
during the reign of terror, was accredited to Joseph Ignace
Guillotine, a French physician, born in 1738, who in 1785 recommended
its use in France from motives of humanity, in place of the barbarous
gibbet. However, there is in the Antiquarian Museum of Edinburgh a
guillotine made before 1581, which served to behead the Scottish
Regent, Morton, who had introduced it into use in that country. It
was used in Italy in the thirteenth century in a form resembling
the instrument now used in France. The guillotine is composed of
two upright beams, grooved upon the inside, and surmounted by a
cross-beam. Between these beams and sliding in the grooves is a
sharp, iron blade, which falls by its own weight with great speed and
certainty, severing the head from the body.


ASSESSMENT OF DEPOSITS.

  ANDOVER, D. T.

  Has an assessor in Dakota any right to assess money on deposit in a
  bank in Michigan?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—According to the laws of most States and Territories
a certificate of deposit is just as assessable as the money it
represents. Money is subject to assessment wherever it belongs.


GOVERNORS OF ALABAMA.

  GREENVILLE, Ala.

  Please give the names of all of the Governors and Senators of
  Alabama since the admission of the State into the Union, with the
  years during which they served.

  SEA.

_Answer._—The Governors were the following: William W. Bibb, 1819-20;
Thomas Bibb, 1821; Israel Pickens, 1821-25; John Murphy, 1825-29;
Gabriel Moore, 1829-31; John Gayle, 1831-35; Clement C. Clay,
1835-37; Arthur P. Bagby, 1837-41; Benjamin Fitzpatrick, 1841-45;
Joshua L. Martin, 1845-47; Reuben Chapman 1847-49; Henry W. Collier,
1849-53; John A Winston, 1853-57; Andrew P. Moore, 1857-61; John G.
Shorter, 1861-63; Thomas H. Watts, 1863-65; Lewis E. Parsons, 1865;
Robert M. Patten, 1865-68; William H. Smith, 1868-70; Robert B.
Lindsay, 1872; David P. Lewis, 1872-74; George S. Houston, 1874-79;
Rufus W. Cobb, 1879-81. The present Senators are John T. Morgan,
1883-89; James L. Pugh, 1879-85. For former Senators see “Lanman’s
Biographical History of the Civil Government of the United States;”
it is too long a list to copy here.


BACCHUS—TRADE MARKS.

  WILMINGTON, Ill.

  1. Explain the use of trade marks. 2. Who was Bacchus?

  L. F. HAZELTON.

_Answer._—1. Trade marks secure a proprietary right of a single firm
in the article thus marked. They are intended to prevent an unknown
manufacturer from palming off upon the public imitations of goods
that have acquired a reputation from the original manufacturer; or
they are a certain warrant of the quality of articles bearing them.
2. Bacchus, or Dionysius, was the Greek god of wine, and, according
to the myth, the son of Zeus and Semele, the daughter of Cadmus of
Thebes. At his birth he was carried by Hermes to Nysa, to be reared
by the nymphs. Being struck with madness, at the command of Juno, he
wandered from land to land, attended by nymphs having their heads
wreathed with vine and ivy leaves and bearing in their hands the
thyrsus. To him is ascribed the knowledge of the cultivation of the
vine and the manufacture of intoxicating wine, for in his wanderings
he carried to men of many lands this information. Those who received
him hospitably were rewarded, but all who rejected him brought upon
themselves some form of misery. This hero and demigod was worshiped
throughout Greece, but chiefly at Thebes, with sacrifices of goats
and oxen, and many noisy and indecent rites, until, in 186 B. C.,
the Roman Senate suppressed the mysteries, which were the principal
feature of the worship.


APOCRYPHA AND THE SACRED CANON.

  ALGONA, Ill.

  I should like to know in what year the Bishops of the Church of
  Rome accepted the Apocrypha as a part of the canon.

  LAURA A. BARSLON.

_Answer._—As early as the latter part of the first century of the
present era discussions arose among Christians regarding the books
rejected by the Jews as profane, and at the Council of Laodicea
(360 A. D.) the Greek Church rejected all books except those in the
present Protestant canon. In 474 Pope Gelasius convened a council of
seventy Bishops, which confirmed the opinion of Pope Innocent I.,
recognizing the Apocryphal books as sacred, and rejecting some of the
doubtful books of the New Testament. The Council of Trent (1545-1563)
finally settled the mooted question for the Roman Catholic Church,
accepting the “Apocrypha” as a part of the sacred canon. The Greek
Church has much the same books, while the Protestants retain only the
Hebrew canon of the Old Testament.


CHURCH REFORMATION—PAPAL INFALLIBILITY.

  DANVILLE, Ill.

  Did any reformatory movements or discussions occur in the Roman
  Catholic Church before the time of Luther? 2. Are all of the Popes
  considered infallible?

  JOHN SHORT.

_Answer._—After the union of church and state, during the reign of
Constantine the Great, as the church attained great temporal power
and wealth, imposing rites and ceremonies were added to her service,
and, with these, abuses and corruption crept in. The first great
evil was the assumption by the church of spiritual dictatorship, and
to oppose it arose St. Ambrose, St. Martin, and St. Stephen. Then
occurred the great reform within the church itself, inaugurated by
Pope Gregory III. for the purification of the clergy; and at the same
time came Abelard, preaching liberty of thought in theology. But
the growth of new sects specially characterized the four centuries
immediately preceding the Lutheran Reformation. Of these the
principal ones were the Lollards (1324), the Hussites (1373), the
Moravian Brethren (1417), and the Mystics (1340-1471). 2. The supreme
authority of the Pope in all religious matters has been generally
acknowledged in the Roman Catholic Church from very early times, but
the infallibility of the Pope, in regard to faith and morals, was not
formulated and decreed by the Vatican Council until July 18, 1870.


A COMPARISON OF NATIONS.

  MEDIA, Kan.

  What effect does the present system of tariff have upon American
  commercial and industrial interests of the United States? How do
  the commerce and industrial products of the United States compare
  with those of other countries?

  J. H. VICK.

_Answer._—There are several articles on the tariff in Our Curiosity
Shop for 1880, to which we must refer you; particularly one on
page 149, entitled “The Tariff and the Farmers.” According to high
statistical authority the commerce and principal industries of this
country, Great Britain, France, and Germany in 1880 compared as
follows:

    Countries—      Commerce.      Manufactures.

  United States   $1,505,000,000   $4,440,000,000
  Great Britain    3,460,000,000    3,790,000,000
  France           1,660,000,000    2,425,000,000
  Germany          1,920,000,000    2,135,000,000

The commerce above referred to is mainly foreign commerce. In the
case of Great Britain, what corresponds to our inter-State commerce
(the trade between the different portions of the one extended
government) is included under the head of “Commerce,” swelling the
aggregate largely, whereas but a small portion of the interstate
commerce of the United States is included in the above estimate
of our “Commerce.” Our fifty million people buy and sell among
themselves to supply each other’s wants, and consume a much larger
proportion of their domestic products per capita for their own
comfort than do the English, French, or Germans. The effects of the
tariff in building up American manufactures are shown in the above
table, and in the table below are indicated some of the effects on
mining, agriculture, and the carrying trade:


                                                    Carrying
  Countries—           Mining.     Agriculture.      Trade.

  United States     $360,000,000  $3,000,000,000  $830,000,000
  Great Britain      325,000,000   1,200,000,000   805,000,000
  France              60,000,000   2,000,000,000   810,000,000
  Germany            105,090,000   1,700,000,000   845,000,000

Comparatively few of our manufactures are exported, because our
agriculture, mining, manufacturing, commercial, and professional
classes consume them at home. So, too, the products of our mines are
mostly kept at home, and four-fifths of our agricultural products. If
our foreign carrying trade is not so large as Great Britain’s, our
coasting and other domestic carrying trade exceeds hers. By division
of labor we are creating a world of our own, setting up our own
standards of wages, and modes of living, and are, as a consequence,
living better, enjoying more of the comforts of life, man for man,
than any other people under the sun.


THE JEWISH SCRIPTURES.

  ALGONA, Iowa.

  I come to you for a little light. In Abbott’s “Life of Cleopatra”
  the author states that in early times the Bible was not kept by
  the Jews as any other than a vulgar history. I should like to know
  whether there is any authority for the assertion.

  LAURA A. BARSLOW.

_Answer._—For hundreds of years before the birth of Christ the books
of Moses and other works sanctioned by the prophets (whose duty it
was to guard the people against spurious writings or the loss of what
was genuine) were regarded by the Jews as so sacred that “no one
dared to add to or omit or alter anything;” so Josephus tells us.
An authentic copy was kept in the Temple, while others copied from
it were circulated for use in the synagogues of different places.
A Jewish tradition ascribes to Ezra, after the return of the Jews
from the captivity, and the college of learned men called the “Great
Synagogue,” the collection and selection of writings which form the
Jewish and the present Protestant Old Testament canon. There is no
good authority for the statement in your question.


SHOOTING NIAGARA.

  KANSAS CITY, Mo.

  Did any steamboat ever go through the great whirlpool in Niagara
  River with anybody on board and without being wrecked?

  CONTROVERSY.

_Answer._—The little excursion steamer Maid of the Mist, which used
to ply on the Niagara River, between the falls and the whirlpool, ran
through the seething rapids and the great whirlpool of that river in
1861, with the captain and two companions on board, one of whom was
hurt on the passage. It was a foolhardy feat, and came near ending in
the wreck of the vessel and the death of all on board.


THE SUN’S STAY IN THE NORTH.

  GILMAN, Ill.

  To settle a dispute, state whether the sun stays north of the
  equator longer than it does south of it; and if so, why.

  YOUNG READER.

_Answer._—The earth’s orbit is not a perfect circle, but an ellipse
with the sun in one of the foci, at a point on the long diameter of
the orbit something more than a million miles from the center in the
direction of perigee, or the place where the earth approaches nearest
to the sun. In 1882 the sun was in perigee Dec. 31, and in apogee—the
point furthest from the earth—on July 3. For several thousand years
to come the perigee point will be south of the equator, as it has
been for several thousand years past. As a consequence of this and
because the earth moves more rapidly the nearer it gets to the sun,
it takes it less time to travel through that part of its orbit south
of the equator than through the portion north of it. In the year 1800
the sun was north of the equator seven days 16 hours and 51 minutes
longer than it was south of it. The sun crossed the equator, coming
north, March 21, 1882, at 12:02 o’clock at night, and crossed it on
the return Sept. 22, 1882, at 10:29 o’clock p. m., an interval of
185 days 10 hours and 27 minutes. It reached the equator next on its
return northward, March 20, 1883, at 5:39 o’clock p. m., an interval
of 177 days 19 hours and 10 minutes. So that the northern hemisphere
had a longer spring and summer than the southern hemisphere last
year by seven days 15 hours and 27 seconds. The Brazilians and Terra
del Fuegans may console themselves with the reflection that in
about 6,000 years they will get even with us, and that in a little
more than 12,000 years from now the sun will linger in the southern
hemisphere a full week longer than in the northern.


AREA OF PALESTINE.

  OSCEOLA, Iowa.

  What is the extent of Palestine? Where can I get a first-class map
  and geographical description of Palestine?

  C. M. F.

_Answer._—The area is variously estimated as from 11,000 to 12,000
square miles. The former is Kitto’s estimate, and according to that
Palestine has not quite one-fifth the extent of Illinois (56,650) or
Iowa (56,025). Maps of Palestine, ranging in cost from $4 to $30,
with or without descriptive pamphlets, or geographies, may be ordered
of any of the church publication societies in this city by yourself
or through the nearest bookseller.


DATES OF CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.

  NEWTON, Kas.

  Please give the dates of the amendments to the Constitution of the
  United States.

  C. A. HERRICK.

_Answer._—The first ten were added before the adoption of the
Constitution, in 1791; the eleventh in 1798, the twelfth in 1804, the
thirteenth in 1865, the fourteenth in 1868, and the fifteenth in 1870.


SENATOR SHARON.

  MANLY JUNCTION, Iowa.

  Please give a brief sketch of Senator Sharon.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—William Sharon was born in Smithfield, Ohio, Jan. 9, 1821.
After preparing himself for admission to the legal profession he
decided to enter the banking business, and upon his removal to Nevada
became interested in mining operations. He is at present a trustee of
the Bank of California, and has great influence in the business of
the Pacific slope. He was United States Senator from Nevada for the
term 1875-81.


THREE BLACK FRIDAYS.

  ODESSA, Neb.

  What was “Black Friday,” and what part did ex-President Grant take
  in it?

  ED. S. JELLEY.

_Answer._—September 24, 1869, Jay Gould and James Fisk, Jr.,
attempted to create a corner in the gold market by buying all the
gold in the banks of New York City, amounting to $15,000,000. For
several days the value of gold rose steadily, and the speculators
aimed to carry it from 144 to 200. Friday the whole city was in a
ferment, the banks were rapidly selling, gold was at 162½ and still
rising. Men became insane and everywhere the wildest excitement
raged, for it seemed probable that the business houses must be
closed, from ignorance of the prices to be charged for their goods.
But in the midst of the panic it was reported that Secretary
Boutwell, of the United States Treasury, had thrown $4,000,000 on the
market, and at once gold fell, the excitement ceased, leaving Gould
and Fisk the winners of $11,000,000. There is no good evidence that
President Grant had any connection with the sales. The fact that his
brother-in-law was interested in Wall street operations at that time
led to the charge against Grant by his enemies. The day noticed above
is what is generally referred to as Black Friday in this country,
but the term was first used in England, being applied in the first
instance to the Friday on which the news reached London that the
young Pretender, Charles Edward, had arrived at Derby, creating a
terrible panic: and finally to May 11, 1866, when the failure of
Overend, Guerney & Co., London, the day before, was followed by a
widespread financial ruin.


FORFEITURE OF HOMESTEAD.

  CAMARGO, Ill.

  Is it absolutely necessary for a homesteader to commence his bona
  fide residence on his claim within six months?

  G. H. SNEDAKER.

_Answer._—The homestead law contemplates immediate settlement by the
claimant upon the land; and section 2,297 of the Revised Statutes
declares that if at any time after he has filed his entry affidavit
it is shown, to the satisfaction of the receiver of the land office,
that the claimant has actually changed his residence, “or abandoned
the land for more than six months,” at any time, the land shall
revert to the government. “Copps’ American Settlers’ Guide,” page
53, says: “At the expiration of six months from date of entry the
homestead party who has not been able to establish a bona fide
residence upon the homestead, owing to climatic reasons, must file
his affidavit, duly corroborated by two credible witnesses, giving
in detail the storms, etc., that rendered it impossible for him to
commence residence within six months.” We would add that it is safest
to comply with the law, making it unnecessary to appeal to the decree
of the General Land Commissioner, a very uncertain resort in cases of
this nature.


LIQUOR DRANK IN ILLINOIS.

  CARLINVILLE, Ill.

  In an argument on the temperance question a few days ago, a public
  speaker quoted THE INTER OCEAN as authority for the statement that
  there are $60,000,000 worth of liquor drank in Illinois during the
  course of a year. 1. Did THE INTER OCEAN say so? If it did, give us
  the figures in the Curiosity Shop to prove it. 2. He also said that
  this amount was one-third greater than the total value of the wheat
  crop of this State. Prove that too.

  T. E. D.

_Answer._—The principal facts on which THE INTER OCEAN rests the
estimate above quoted are re-stated below once for all. If they can
be successfully refuted, let us have that refutation. The following
estimate is based on observations made as to the patronage of
six Chicago saloons, so long ago as 1877, by the founders of the
Citizens’ League. The figures in the first column give the number
of persons, male and female, seen to enter these places between 7
o’clock p. m. and midnight; the second column is our own computation
of the money paid in, assuming that nothing but beer was called for,
at 5 cents a glass, two-thirds of the customers drinking but one
glass, and the rest of them averaging only two glasses each; and the
third column indicates the probable actual receipts, adding for the
ordinary consumption of drinks more costly than beer:

  Number         Receipts        Gross
  entering.      if beer.       receipts.

  2,863            $190          $250
  2,806             187           250
  1,979             132           176
  1,820             121           160
  1,741             116           155
  1,685             112           150

Observe that these are the receipts in saloons where lager beer was
the chief drink; that the above figures cover only the five hours
after 7 p. m., and that liquors in kegs, bottles, pitchers, and jugs
ordered for home use are not taken into account. There are a few
establishments dealing chiefly in whisky, brandy, wine, etc., whose
receipts are at times nearly double the highest amount above given as
the daily average.

To add assurance to the above calculation, one of the most thorough
investigators and accurate reporters on THE INTER OCEAN local staff
was detailed to ascertain, as nearly as may be, the actual receipts
of Chicago saloons. He made the following report:

  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
           |Average  |
  No. of   |receipts |
  Saloons  |   per   |             REMARKS.
           |  day.   |
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  10       |  $150   |Chapin & Gore’s, Monroe st.;
           |   or    |  Hannah & Hogg, Madison st.;
           |  $200   |  Batchelder’s, Mahler & Gale.
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  50       |   $75   |“Dutch” Henry, House of David,
           |   or    |  Hansen’s, Dunhams, and
           |  $100   |  Chapin & Gore’s branches,
           |         |  and dens on “the Levee.”
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  100      |   $50   |The ordinary down-town saloons
           |         |  and very good saloons
           |         |  in outlying districts.
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  2,000    |   $30   |Decent saloons in extreme
  or       |   and   |  north, south, and west portions
  over     |   $25   |  of city, Rolling Mill and
           |         |  Stock Yards districts; mostly
           |         |  beer trade.
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  1,000    |   $15   |The same as the above, with
  to       |    to   |  smaller trade, or houses in
  1,200    |   $20   |  hard neighborhoods, with no
           |         |  legitimate trade, but which
           |         |  wait for victims to be
           |         |  “steered” into them.
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————
  300      |   $10   |Little German beer saloons in
  to       |         |  sparsely settled districts,
  500      |         |  containing simply an ice-box
           |         |  and a keg of beer. Do a
           |         |  “can” trade mostly.
  —————————+—————————+——————————————————————————————

On the foregoing data a moderate estimate of the gross annual
receipts of the 3,750 licensed saloons of Chicago figures as below:

  No. of       Average daily     Receipts
  saloons.      receipts.        for year.

     10           $175            $838,750
     50             85           1,551,250
    100             50           1,825,000
  1,000             30          10,950,000
  1,000             25           9,125,000
  1,090             15           5,967,750
    500             10           1,825,000
  —————                        ———————————
  3,750                        $32,082,750

This schedule does not cover unlicensed saloons, or other places
where liquor is sold; the average daily receipts are taken at less
rather than more than the probable truth, and yet it charges Chicago,
which contains only about one-sixth of the population of the State,
with an outlay of over $32,000,000 per annum for spirits, wines,
and fermented drinks. It is not so easy to ascertain the number of
saloons in the rest of the State and their average daily sales, but
data are not wholly wanting. Take the following figures, compiled
from a list of high-license towns, where in several instances the
number of saloons has been reduced by more than half.

                  Population.    No. of    License.
                                saloons.
  Anna               1,500          9        $500
  Aurora            13,500         25         500
  Apple River          650          2         300
  Bloomington       23,000         32         600
  Cabery               325          3         400
  Carmi              2,500         12         300
  Charleston         3,250          6         800
  Chandlerville        700          3         500
  Chenoa             1,100          5         300
  Dongola              700          4         300
  Elmwood            1,700          3         800
  Galesburg         12,000         18         600
  Gillespie            800          8         450
  Hillsboro          2,000          3         800
  Joliet            14,500         60         500
  Kenny                600          2         500
  Lamoille             500          1         300
  Minier               650          3         300
  Mason City         2,000          4         750
  Mattoon            7,000          8         800
  Moline             9,000         30         300
  Mount Morris         900          1         500
  Noble                400          1         300
  Odell              1,000          2         750
  Ohio                 400          3         475
  Oswego               700          2         300
  Paris              5,500          8         800
  Rockford          15,000         20         500
  Rochelle           2,000          4         433
  Savanna            1,500         10         500
  Strawn               400          3         300
  Tiskilwa             800          2         400
  Washburn             500          3         300

In Peoria, Quincy, Rock Island, Galena, Alton, Cairo, Belleville,
Springfield, LaSalle, Ottawa, Morris, Kankakee, and low-license
towns generally, the number of saloons as compared with population
is still greater, averaging but little better than Chicago with its
license of only $103, and one saloon to every 160 inhabitants—men,
women, and children. Fifty-eight high-license towns of the State,
with a population of 189,000, contain 401 saloons, or one to every
470 inhabitants. Make all the allowance that can be reasonably asked
for the moderate drinking of the farming classes, and discount, if
possible, our estimate for Chicago, and the total cost of liquor
drank in Illinois exceeds $60 000 000 per annum. 2. The Illinois crop
report for 1882 makes the winter wheat of that year worth $45,472,045
and the spring wheat $1,242,331.


THE DIAMOND.

  SHENANDOAH, Iowa.

  When, how and by whom were diamonds first discovered? What is the
  etymology of the word diamond? How did their value when first
  discovered compare with the same now? What is the value of a
  one-carat diamond of the finest quality?

  R. P. DRAKE.

_Answer._—The discoverer of diamonds is unknown. From references
in Exodus it is apparent that the diamond was a precious stone in
Egypt in those early times; and even before that it was known in
India, where probably it was first obtained. The name is derived from
the Greek word _adamas_, meaning “unsubduable,” referring to its
hardness, and later was written _diamas_, in Latin. From Pliny, a
writer of the first century, we learn that the diamond was regarded
as the most valuable of all things, and but few kings even could
afford to buy them. But as no means of artificial polishing had been
discovered the stone depreciated in value, so that the ruby and
emerald became more precious. The discovery by Ludwig van Berquen, in
1476, of a mode of cutting and polishing it, at once returned this
gem to the first place among precious stones. The present value of a
fine brilliant, weighing one carat, varies from $50 to $100. The rose
and table diamonds command much less. Larger diamonds appreciate in
value much more rapidly than the ratio of their weight. The Orloff
diamond, 193 carats, is valued at $500,000; the Pitt diamond, 136
carats, at $600,000; the Dudley diamond, 254½ carats, at $750,000;
while the Kohinoor, for various reasons, although now it weighs but
102½ carats, is estimated to be worth $2,000,000.


AUTHORS OF CERTAIN POEMS.

  RANDOLPH, N. Y.

The title of the poem containing the couplet—

    “And is this the man, thou vaunting knave,
    Thou hast dared to compare with the weeping slave?”

is “The Peasant.” It was written by William Howitt. The author of the
poem containing the lines, “I sat alone with my conscience,” etc., is
Charles W. Stubbs. It appeared in the _Spectator_ under the title,
“The Conscience and Future Judgment.”

  LEO BOARDMAN.


GENERAL TOM THUMB.

  GRISWOLD, Iowa.

  How old was General Tom Thumb when he died? State his real name in
  full, and that of his wife; also a few of the principal facts as to
  his size, history, etc., and oblige several readers.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The true name of this celebrated dwarf was Charles Heywood
Stratton. He was born in Bridgeport, Conn., Jan. 4, 1838, and died
at his residence, Middleboro, Mass., July 15, 1883, of apoplexy.
The attention of P. T. Barnum, the showman, was first drawn to
Stratton in November, 1842, when the midget was about 4 years old.
He was then less than 2 feet high, weighed less than 16 pounds, was
beautifully formed, a blonde, with ruddy cheeks and mirthful eyes.
Barnum introduced him to the public Dec. 8, 1842, by the name of
General Tom Thumb; now known the world over. He paid him $3 a week
and expenses for himself and his mother for the first four weeks,
after which he engaged him for a year at $7 a week, but, as the boy
proved a great attraction, he soon raised the wages to $25 a week. In
January, 1846, under a contract of $50 a week, Mr. Barnum took him
to Europe, where he made a profitable tour through England, France,
and Germany. He was presented to Queen Victoria, Louis Phillipe,
King William of Prussia (now the German Emperor), and other rulers,
who treated him with marked kindness. The next year he returned to
Europe for three months. On his return home he proved a greater
attraction than ever, and Mr. Barnum says that in twelve days in
Philadelphia he received $5,504.91; and in one day at Providence
he took in $976.98. In 1857 he took Tom Thumb and Cordelia Howard,
famous as little Eva in “Uncle Tom’s Cabin,” to Europe, where these
children appeared in humorous characters, creating a furore and
gathering a golden harvest. In 1862 Mr. Barnum introduced the two
sister midgets, Lavinia and Minnie Warren, to the public, the former
of whom young Stratton married before the end of that year. True
to his chief instinct Barnum desired to turn the courting and the
marriage ceremony to pecuniary account, offering $15,000 to postpone
the wedding for a month, and then have it take place in the Academy
of Music as an exhibition at so much a seat. To the credit of the
bride and groom, they repelled this offer with just indignation, and
were married in Grace Church, New York. The public reception at the
Metropolitan Hotel, immediately following, was a notable affair.
After this, for week after week, the three tiny folks drew crowds
of admirers at Barnum’s old museum on the corner where the New York
_Herald_ office now stands, the receipts sometimes being over $3,000
a day. Mr. and Mrs. Stratton had a pleasant home at Middleboro, where
they spent a large part of their time when not on the stage. They had
one child, who died at the age of 2 years and 6 months. Both of them
have been noted for sprightly intelligence, and have hosts of friends
in all circles of society.


NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

  URBANA, Ill.

  Will you please to give a short biography of Napoleon Bonaparte?

  NETTIE AYERS.

_Answer._—He was born at Ajaccio, Corsica, Aug. 15, 1769. His mother,
a strong and cultured, but severe woman, ruled her household with a
rod of iron, and to her the son owed his indomitable will. At ten
years of age he was sent to a military school at Brienne, France, and
six years later entered the army. In 1792, having taken an active
part in the defection in Ajaccio, he was expelled, with the rest of
his family, from the city. After several years of brilliant military
service Napoleon was made commander of the campaign in Italy, which
closed with the treaty of Campo Formio. On the eve of his departure
he was married to the beautiful and accomplished Mme. Josephine
Beauharnais. The year after the close of the Italian campaign (1797)
Napoleon set out for Egypt, designing to investigate its wealth, art
treasures and other antiquities, but the expedition proved disastrous
and he soon returned to meet a critical state of affairs in France,
leaving the army under the command of General Kleber. On Aug. 2,
1802, the French people made Bonaparte First Consul for life, and in
the same year received at his hands the famous Code Napoleon, the
product of the best legal talent of the nation, and undoubtedly one
of the noblest monuments of his administration. It still forms the
great body of French law. Two years later, he was proclaimed Emperor.
After a remarkable career in war and peace, he sacrificed his heart
and highest manhood to his ambition by divorcing his faithful
Josephine to form a royal alliance with Maria Louisa, daughter of the
Emperor of Austria. The decline of his power soon followed, like a
pursuing Nemesis; beginning with the fearful disasters succeeding
the burning of Moscow and the ensuing retreat in the midst of a
Russian winter, and ending with the disastrous battle of Leipsic,
the fall of Paris, his first abdication, and his exile (1814) to the
little island of Elba. He escaped to France ten months later; raised
another army, and hastened to meet the allies—English, Germans, and
Netherlanders—in Belgium, on the fatal field of Waterloo. A few
months later and he was a prisoner for life on the desolate island
of St. Helena, in custody of Great Britain, where he died of cancer
of the stomach May 5, 1821. By almost universal concession he is
regarded as the greatest military commander that ever lived. Had his
diplomacy been equal to his military genius it is probable that he
would have remained to his death, as he was for a period of more than
six years, the virtual master of nearly all the civilized States of
Continental Europe. In 1840 his mortal remains were carried to France
and buried in Paris, the scene of his greatest triumphs as of his
final downfall.


WEIGHT OF LUMBER.

  DECATUR, Ill.

  Please publish a table of the weight per thousand feet, “Chicago
  yard measure,” of planed and unplaned boards, flooring, siding,
  etc., and do your readers a practical service.

  OLD SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The following table is given in the lumber inspection rules
printed by the Northwestern Lumberman Publishing Company of this
city. It presents the average of the actual weights in the shipment
of 20,000,000 feet of lumber during a single season:

                                                    Weight in
  Description                                        pounds

  Boards, 1, 1¼, and 1½ inch thick, surfaced
    on one side per thousand ft.                      2,102
  Boards, 1, 1¼, and 1½ inch thick, surfaced
    on two sides                                      2,068
  Boards, 2 inches thick, surfaced on one side        2,000
  Flooring, white pine, dressed and matched           1,890
  Flooring, 4 inches wide, dressed and matched        1,793
  Flooring, hard pine, dressed and matched            2,366
  Ship laps, 8 inch                                   1,711
  Ship laps, 10 inch                                  1,725
  Ship laps, 12 inch                                  1,855
  Ceiling, white pine, ⅜ inch                           786
  Ceiling, hard pine, ⅜ inch                            950
  Siding                                                865
  Piece stuff, rough                                  2,560
  Piece stuff, surfaced on one side                   2,210
  Thin, clear                                         1,380
  Ceiling, ⅝                                          1,120
  Rough boards                                        2,524
  Fence, hard pine                                    2,910
  Fencing, 6 inch                                     2,433
  Shingles, pine, per 1,000                             248
  Shingles, cedar, per 1,000                            203
  Lath, dry                                             502


ST. ANASTASIUS—APOSTLE OF HUNGARY.

  Who was called the “Apostle of Hungary,” where was he born, and
  when did he live?

  W. I. PRATT.

_Answer._—St. Anastasius, surnamed Astric, was born in France, A.
D. 954, and died in 1044. He gained great influence over Stephen
I., King of Hungary, 997-1038, who intrusted the zealous missionary
with almost unlimited powers. These he used with such rare wisdom
and spirit that the Hungarians were rapidly converted from paganism.
The freedom of all Christian slaves was proclaimed, the political
organization of the kingdom was reconstructed, schools were
established, and, in fine, Hungary was transformed from barbarism to
a state of inchoate Christian civilization. He is honored in history
and tradition as the “Apostle of Hungary.”


EXECUTIVE AND DEPARTMENT SALARIES.

  AUGUSTA, Kan.

  Please give the organization of the President’s household, give the
  salaries of its several officers, and state who pays the same. Also
  give the organization of each of the departments under the several
  members of the President’s Cabinet.

  C. H. M.

_Answer._—The President’s salary is $50,000 a year. The organization
of the executive office gives him a private secretary, with salary
of $3,250; assistant secretary, $2,250; two executive clerks, each
$2,000; stenographer, $1,800; five other clerks, severally $1,200,
$1,400, and $1,800; steward, $1,800; usher, $1,400; five messengers,
each $1,200; four doorkeepers, each $1,200; watchman, $900;
furnace-keeper, $864.

The principal officers of the Department of State are: Secretary of
State, salary, $8,000; Assistant Secretary, $4,500; Second Assistant,
$3,500; Third Assistant, $3,500; Chief Clerk, $2,750; Examiner of
Claims, $3,500; Chief of Diplomatic Bureau, $2,100; Chief of Consular
Bureau, $2,100; Chief of Indexes and Archives, $2,100; Chief of
Bureau of Accounts, $2,100; Librarian, $2,100; Translator, $2,100.
There are thirty-nine clerks with salaries ranging from $1,800 down
to $900; a proof-reader, $1,300; a lithographer, $1,200; chief
engineer, $1,200; assistant engineer, $1,000; messengers, watchmen,
laborers, and firemen, in all twenty-four, ranging from $1,000 down
to $660.

The Treasury Department is one of the most, perhaps the most
important and laborious department of the government. The Secretary’s
salary is $8,000, the Assistant Secretary receives $4,500; Second
Assistant Secretary, $4,500; Chief Clerk, $2,700; First Comptroller,
$5,000; Second Comptroller, $5,000; Commissioner of Customs, $4,000;
First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Auditors, each,
$3,600; Treasurer of the United States, $6,000; Assistant Treasurer,
$3,600; Register of the Treasury, $4,000; Comptroller of the
Currency, $5,000; Commissioner of Internal Revenue, $6,000; Solicitor
of Internal Revenue, $4,500; Solicitor of the Treasury, $4,500;
Director of the Mint, $4,500; Chief of Bureau of Engraving and
Printing, $4,500; Chief of Bureau of Statistics, $2,400; Supervising
Architect, $4,500; Superintendent of United States Coast Survey,
$6,000; Chairman of Lighthouse Board, $4,000; Superintendent of
Life-saving Service, $4,000; Inspector General of Steamboats, $3,500;
Chief of Appointment Division, $2,500; Chief of Warrant Division,
$2,750; Chief of Public Moneys Division, $2,500; Chief of Customs
Division, $2,750. The subordinate officers and employes under the
above chief officers of the Treasury number many thousands, varying
in number with the emergencies of the service. The total official
list of this department for all parts of the country, including
collectors of customs and internal revenue and their employes, covers
195 octavo pages, with from sixty to ninety-six names on a page.

The Department of the Interior is organized as follows: Secretary
of the Interior, salary, $8,000; Assistant Secretary, $3,500; Chief
Clerk, $2,750; Assistant Attorney General, $5,000; Commissioner
of General Land Office, $4,000; Commissioner of Pensions, $5,000;
Commissioner of Patents, $4,500; Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
$4,000; Commissioner of Education, $3,000; Director of Geological
Survey, $6,000; Superintendent of Census, $5,000. Other officers and
employes in all parts of the country, but mainly at Washington, vary
in number from time to time, more perhaps than those of any other
department, ranging from about 7,500 to about 9,000, with salaries
from $3,000 down to $600.

The Secretary of War receives $8,000 a year; Chief Clerk, $2,500;
Adjutant General, $5,500; Inspector General, $5,500; Quartermaster
General, $5,500; Commissary General, $5,500; Surgeon General, $5,500;
Chief Medical Purveyor, $4,200; Judge Advocate General, $5,500;
Chief of Engineers, $5,500; Chief Signal Officer, $5,500; Chief of
Ordnance, $5,500. The complete official list of the department at
present embraces about 4,000 names, with salaries from $3,000 to $660.

The Secretary of the Navy receives $8,000; Chief Clerk, $2,500;
Judge Advocate General, $4,500; Chiefs of the Bureaus of yards and
docks, navigation, ordnance, provisions and clothing, medicine
and surgery, equipment and recruiting, construction and repair,
steam-engineering, each $5,000; Commandant of navy yard, $4,500; Pay
Inspector, $3,000; Commandant of Marine Corps, $4,500; Superintendent
of Naval Observatory, $5,000; Superintendent of Nautical Almanac,
$3,500; Chief Signal Officer, $3,500; Hydrographer, $3,500. The total
official list of the Navy numbers now about 2,800, with salaries from
$3,000 to $660.

The Postmaster General receives $8,000; the First, Second and Third
Assistants, each $3,500; Superintendent of Foreign Mails, $3,000;
Assistant Attorney General for Postoffice Department, $4,000;
Superintendent of Money-order System, $3,000. The total official list
for employes at Washington numbers about 5,000, with salaries ranging
from those already given down to $660 a year.

The Department of Justice is organized with Attorney General, salary,
$8,000; Solicitor General, $7,000; First Assistant Attorney General,
$5,000; Second Assistant Attorney General, $5,000. There are about
fifty clerks, copyists, messengers, laborers, etc., at salaries from
$2,200 to $660.


WHEN THE SEASONS BEGIN.

  WENONA, Ill.

  To end an argument, please inform us, through Our Curiosity Shop,
  when summer begins.

  C. M. TURNER.

_Answer._—The civil or tropical year, the one commonly used in
the measure of time, is the period which elapses from the sun’s
appearance on one of the tropical circles to its return to the same.
It varies very slightly, and has a mean length of 365 days, 5 hours,
48 minutes, and 49.7 seconds. Astronomically considered, the four
seasons begin at the equinoctial or the solstitial points. The summer
solstice is the meridian, passing through the point where the sun
touches the tropic of cancer; the winter solstice is the meridian
passing through the point where it touches the tropic of capricorn;
and the equinoctial points are the points at which the sun’s path or
equinoctial crosses the celestial equator. All these points shift,
according to very exact astronomical laws, from year to year; and so
the precise times when the seasons begin are matters of the nicest
mathematical calculations. For example, last year the seasons began
as follows:

Winter began Dec. 21, 1881, at 10:52 a. m. and lasted 90 days, 1
hour, and 10 minutes.

Spring began March 21, 1882, at 12:02 p. m. and lasted 91d, 20h, and
4m.

Summer began June 21, 1882, at 8:06 a. m. and lasted 93d, 14h, and
23m.

Winter began Dec. 21, 1882, at 4:45 p. m. and lasted 89d, 18h, and
16m.

The beginning of the seasons this year are given as follows:

Winter began Dec. 21, 1882, at 4:45 p. m. and lasted 88 days, and 54
minutes.

Spring began March 20, 1883, at 5:39 p. m. and lasted 92d, 20h, and
14m.

Summer began June 21, 1883, at 1:53 p. m. and lasts 93d, 14h, and 35m.

Winter will begin Dec. 21, 1883, at 10:44 a. m. and last 89d, 16h,
and 16m.


HENRY CLAY.

  HOOSIER, Pa.

  Please give me an account of Henry Clay and his descendants.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Henry Clay was born near Richmond, Va., April 12, 1777. His
father died in 1782, and ten years later his mother married again
and moved to Kentucky, leaving Henry as a clerk in Richmond. In 1797
Henry followed her, and opened a law office in Lexington. He took an
active part in the framing of a new constitution for Kentucky, upon
her separation from Virginia when he strongly urged some provision
for the abolition of slavery, but in vain. From this time he became
prominent in politics. In 1803 a State Senator, a United States
Senator in 1806, one of the negotiators of peace in the war of 1812,
and twice a Speaker of the House, he was no stranger to statesmanship
when in 1824 he appeared as a candidate for the presidency. He was
defeated, however, as was also the case in 1832 and 1844 when he was
the candidate of the Whig party. As an orator he stands among the
very first that this country has produced. As a statesman he was
far-seeing, a wise political economist, a devoted lover of the Union,
and absolutely incorruptible. “I would rather be right than be the
President,” is one of his utterances, made under circumstances that
tested his sincerity. He did what he believed was right, offended
the slave oligarchy thereby, as he foresaw he should do, and barely
failed of election to the presidency in the ensuing campaign as the
consequence. Knowing the desperate measures to which the champions
of slavery would resort to preserve and extend that institution,
he averted threatened secession in 1821 by bringing forward the
“Missouri Compromise;” again in 1850 by another compromise known
as the “Omnibus bill.” The effect of these pacific measures was to
defer the inevitable final appeal to arms until the strength of the
free States had outgrown the slave power, and the Union was able to
grapple with secession and throttle it. As one of the commissioners
who negotiated the treaty of Ghent, at the close of the second war
with England, he caused the erasure of the clause granting free
navigation of the Mississippi to British vessels. Protection to
American industry through a wise adjustment of the tariff, found
in him one of the ablest of its early champions. Mr. Clay married
Lucretia Hart, in 1799, who bore him six daughters and five sons. The
last of the daughters died in 1835. Of the sons, the most promising,
Henry, born in 1811, fell at the battle of Buena Vesta, Feb. 23,
1847. James B., born in 1817, was a representative in Congress from
his father’s old district, 1857-9. He was a member of the Peace
Commission of 1861; died at Montreal, Jan. 26, 1864. Thomas Hart,
born in 1803, took office under President Lincoln as minister to
Nicaragua, and, later, to Honduras. He died at Lexington, Ky., March
18, 1871.


FOUNDING OF YALE AND DARTMOUTH.

  MELVIN, Ill.

  Please state when and by whom Yale, Harvard, and Dartmouth colleges
  were founded.

  A. BUCKHOLZ.

_Answer._—Yale College was founded in 1700, by the Connecticut
Colony, under the trusteeship of the ten principal ministers of
the colony. Harvard University was founded at Cambridge in 1636,
and named for the Rev. John Harvard, who gave $3,500 toward its
endowment fund. Dartmouth College was chartered in 1769, and named
for Lord Dartmouth, because of his interest and benefactions. These
institutions were chartered by corporations, and not by single
individuals.


SWARMING OF BEES.

  KEWANEE, Ill.

  In swarming, do the old or the young bees leave the hive?

  “TOPSY.”

_Answer._—The first swarm of a season leaves the hive under the
guidance of the old queen, before the new brood is hatched. This
swarm consists of most of the old workers and drones. As soon as the
new brood is five or six days old, young queens lead forth other
swarms, composed for the most part of young bees, until only one
queen remains in the old hive with a swarm.


MARTIN LUTHER.

  URBANA, Ill.

  Will you please give me a short biography of Martin Luther?

  NETTIE AYRES.

_Answer._—Martin Luther was born of poor parents, at Eisleben, in
1483. After studying at Erfurt and being confirmed priest, Luther
accepted a professorship at the University of Wittemberg in 1508. In
1510 he was sent on a mission to Rome, where he had an insight into
the corruptions of the papacy, and upon his return he immediately
entered upon his work of reform, especially attacking the sale
of indulgences. One of his first acts was to nail on the door of
Wittemberg Church ninety-five theses, in which he denied the power
of the Pope to forgive sins. Great excitement followed, and Luther
was summoned by Pope Leo X. to appear at Rome. The university and
electors interfered, and a legate from Rome came to Germany to hear
Luther’s defense. Soon Luther’s books and papers gained a wide
circulation, and in 1520 came a papal bull of excommunication, which
Luther burned in the gate of Wittemberg in the presence of a large
company. The next year Charles V. convened the Diet of Worms, which
ordered the destruction of Luther’s books and the arrest of the
heretic. He was now imprisoned by friends in the Castle of Wartburg
for his protection, and soon after his release married the gifted
Katharine Von Bora, a nun whom he had converted to Protestantism.
His later life was spent in writing and controversy, though, on the
whole, very quiet. He died in 1546.


FALL OF WESTERN RIVERS.

  1. What is the elevation of Rock Island, St. Louis, and Cairo above
  the Gulf of Mexico? 2. What is the fall per mile required to give a
  river a current of two miles an hour? 3. State average fall of the
  Mississippi River and its tributaries.

  J. H. RHODES.

_Answer._—1. Rock Island is about 536 feet, St. Louis 408 feet,
and Cairo about 322 feet above tide-water. 2. The number of inches
fall per mile required to give a current of two miles depends very
greatly upon the volume of the stream, the character of the bed, and
the directness of the channel. The same stream is sluggish at low
water and a rushing torrent at high flood. The current of the Lower
Mississippi, with a fall of nearly three inches per mile, has an
annual average of three miles an hour in midstream. 3. The slope of
rivers falling into the Mississippi from the west is about six inches
per mile, and that of those from the east is about three inches per
mile, except in the case of the Ohio River, whose mean descent from
Pittsburg to Cairo, including the falls and rapids at Louisville, is
about 5⅙ inches. The mean descent of the Mississippi from the mouth
of the Ohio to the gulf is a little over 2⅘ inches a mile. Between
Lake Itasca and the mouth of the Ohio the descent of the Mississippi
is much more rapid. From its source to the Falls of Pecogama, 270
miles, the total descent is 324 feet; thence to Pine River, 200
miles, the fall is 165 feet; thence to Crow Wing, 47 miles, it is 49
feet. Below this are the Sauk Rapids, then the Rapids and Falls of
St. Anthony, 18 feet at a leap and 66 feet in a single mile; then the
Rock Island Rapids, 22 feet; and the Des Moines Rapids, 24 feet. The
total descent between Lake Itasca and the mouth of the Ohio is 1,285
feet.


PRINCIPAL BATTLES OF THE REBELLION.

  YORK, Neb.

  Please give the dates of the principal battles of the rebellion,
  who commanded in each, and the number killed on both sides.

  J. I. MOSBARGER.

_Answer._—Bull Run (first), July 21, 1861: North, General McDowell;
killed, 481: South, General Beauregard; killed, unknown. Shiloh,
April 7, 1862: North, General Grant; killed, 1,735; South General A.
S. Johnston; killed, 1,728. Seven Pines and Fair Oaks, May 31 and
June 1, 1862: North, General McClellan; killed, 890; South, General
J. E. Johnston; killed, 2,800. Antietam, Sept. 16 and 17, 1862;
North, General McClellan; killed, 2,010; South, General Lee; killed,
3,500. Chancellorsville, May 2 and 3, 1863: North, General Hooker;
killed, 1,512: South, General Jackson; killed, 1,581. Gettysburg,
July 1, 2, and 3, 1863; North, General Meade; killed, 2,834; South,
General Lee; killed, 3,500. Vicksburg, July 3 and 4, 1863: North,
General Grant; killed, 545: South, General Pemberton; killed,
unknown. Chickamauga, Sept. 19-23, 1863: North, General Thomas;
killed, 1,644; South, General Bragg; killed, 2,389. Wilderness,
May 5, 6, and 7, 1864: North, General Grant; killed, 5,597; South,
General Lee; killed, 2,000. Spottsylvania, May 8-21, 1864: North,
General Grant; killed, 4,177; South, General Lee; killed, 1,000. The
above figures are based on medical official returns, and do not agree
with returns of Adjutant General. No two reports agree. Adjutant
General makes killed at Wilderness 2,261, and at Spottsylvania 2,270;
while General Meade’s report, based on reports immediately after the
battle, states killed at Wilderness at 3,288; at Spottsylvania 2,146.


SILVER COINS AT A PREMIUM.

  HEBRON, Ind.

  Can you give a list of the United States silver coins that are at a
  premium?

  FRANK RICHARDS.

_Answer._—There is a considerable demand for United States silver
coins of rare issues to complete collections for coin cabinets. The
following are quotations for a few of the rarer coins, taken from two
coin price lists, one published in Chicago and the other in Reading,
Pa.:


UNITED STATES DOLLARS.

                                                 Reading.  Chicago.
  1794, flowing hair                              $30.30   $12.50
  1795, flowing hair                                1.50     1.25
  1795, fillet head                                 1.65     1.25
  1796, fillet head                                 1.65     1.25
  1797, fillet head, 6 stars facing                 1.75     1.75
  1797, fillet head, 7 stars facing                 2.00     1.25
  1798, fillet head, 13 stars, small eagle          4.75     1.25
  1798, fillet head, 15 stars, small eagle          6.00     2.00
  1798, 13 stars, large eagle                       1.35     1.15
  1799, 5 stars facing                              2.25     1.40
  1799, 6 stars facing                              1.25     1.15
  1800, spread eagle                                1.45     1.25
  1801, spread eagle                                1.75     1.50
  1802, spread eagle                                1.45     1.35
  1802 over 1801, spread eagle                      1.50     1.35
  1803, spread eagle                                1.50     1.25
  1804, excessively rare, “boss dollar”           500.00   200.00
  1836, C. Gobrecht’s name in field                          6.00
  1836, flying eagle                                         3.00
  1838, flying eagle                               12.00    15.00
  1839, flying eagle                               18.00    15.00
  1851, liberty seated                             18.00    15.00
  1852, liberty seated                             18.00    15.00
  1854, liberty seated                              5.50     2.25
  1855, liberty seated                              3.25     2.00
  1856, liberty seated                              2.25     1.50
  1857, liberty seated                              2.75     1.50
  1858, liberty seated                             20.00    15.00


U. S. HALF DOLLARS.

  1794, flowing hair, fair                          3.50      2.00
  1794, flowing hair, good                          5.00      3.25
  1796, fillet head, 15 stars                      20.00     15.00
  1796, fillet head, 16 stars                      20.00     16.00
  1797, fillet head, 15 stars                      20.00     12.50
  1801, fillet head                                 3.50      2.00
  1802, fillet head                                 3.50      2.75
  1815, head to left, good                          3.50      2.60
  1815, head to left, fine                          5.00      3.50
  1836, liberty cap, milled edge                    2.00      2.00
  1836, liberty cap, milled fine                    2.50      2.50
  1838, liberty cap, having “O” mark underhead      7.00      3.00
  1852, liberty seated                              2.50      1.50
  1852, liberty seated, fine                        3.50      2.00


QUARTER DOLLARS.

  1796, fillet head, fair                           2.00      1.75
  1796, fillet head, good                           3.50      2.00
  1804, fillet head, fair                           1.50      1.25
  1804, fillet head, good                           2.00      1.50
  1823, head to left, fair                         15.00     13.50
  1823, head to left, good                         25.00     20.00
  1827, head to left, fair                         15.00     17.50
  1827, head to left, good                         25.00     20.00
  1853, liberty seated, without arrows              5.00      2.50


TWENTY-CENT PIECES.

  1877                                                        1.25
  1878                                                        1.50


DIMES.

  1796, fillet head, fair                            .75      1.00
  1796, fillet head, good                           1.50      1.25
  1797, 13 stars, fair                              1.00      1.25
  1897, 13 stars, good                              1.75      1.75
  1797, 16 stars, fair                              1.00      1.25
  1797, 16 stars, good                              1.75      1.75
  1798, fillet head, fair                            .75      1.00
  1798, fillet head, good                           1.00      1.50
  1800, fillet head, fair                            .50      1.00
  1800, fillet head, good                            .75      1.50
  1801, fillet head, fair                            .75      1.00
  1801, fillet head, good                           1.00      1.50
  1802, fillet head, fair                           1.50      1.25
  1802, fillet head, good                           2.50      2.00
  1803, fillet head, fair                           1.25       .75
  1803, fillet head, good                           1.75      1.25
  1804, fillet head, fair                           4.00      1.75
  1804, fillet head, good                           5.50      2.00
  1800, head to left                                1.25       .60
  1811, head to left                                 .70       .60
  1822, head to left, fair                          1.50      1.50
  1822, head to left, fine                          2.00      2.00
  1846, liberty seated                              1.00       .50


HALF DIMES.

  1794, flowing hair, fair                          2.00      1.25
  1794, flowing hair, good                          3.00      2.00
  1795, flowing hair, good                           .70       .50
  1796, 15 stars, fillet head, fair                 1.50      1.00
  1796, 15 stars, fillet head, good                 2.00      1.50
  1797, 15 stars, fillet head, fair                 2.50       .75
  1797, 15 stars, fillet head, good                 2.50      1.25
  1797, 16 stars, fillet head, fair                 1.50       .75
  1797, 16 stars, fillet head, good                 2.50      1.25
  1800, fillet head, fair                            .40       .25
  1800, fillet head, good                            .60       .50
  1801, fillet head, fair                           1.25       .75
  1801, fillet head, good                           2.00      1.25
  1802, fillet head, fair                          25.00     10.00
  1802, fillet head, fine                          40.00     30.00
  1803, fillet head, fair                           1.25       .75
  1803, fillet head, good                           2.25      1.25
  1805, fillet head, fair                           1.50      1.00
  1805, fillet head, good                           2.50      1.50
  1846, liberty seated, without stars, fair         1.50       .50
  1846, liberty seated, good                        2.00       .75
  1846, liberty seated, fine                        2.00      1.00


SILVER THREE-CENT PIECES.

  1863                                               .60       .25
  1864 to 1869, inclusive                                      .25
  1870, large star in center                                   .20
  1871, large star in center                                   .20
  1872, large star in center                                   .20
  1873, large star in center                         .90       .60

Such quotations are subject to frequent fluctuations, but New York
auction sales of old United States coins, reported from time to time,
indicate that coin purchasers can make a fair profit on the above
prices.


THE SALVATION ARMY.

  BELLE RIVER, Wis.

  Will the Curiosity Shop please to give some information regarding
  the “Salvation Army,” its origin, object, and modes of work?

  W.

_Answer._—Eighteen years ago, when General Booth began his work
in London as a Methodist minister to the artisan classes, he was
confronted by the great question, how to bring the gospel to the
hearts of the ignorant and degraded so as to make it a vital power.
After many trials and failures he began the organization of what is
now known as the Salvation Army numbering at present 320 corps, with
760 officers who give their entire time to the work, having over all
a “general.” Their creed is the literal gospel, and it is preached
by them in no less than 6,200 meetings a week. Their territory is
divided into thirteen districts, each under the care of a “major,”
who inspects and controls all the corps in his district. To each
corps is assigned a “captain,” assisted by one or two “lieutenants,”
who devote all their time to conducting meetings, visiting those
enlisted, and organizing work among the unconverted. The system of
promotion is slow and guarded. When a person professes a change
of heart he must at once rise and confess it before his former
associates. He is then placed under the supervision of the sergeant
of the district in which he resides, whose duty it is to report him
to the captain if he fails in the proper performance of any religious
duty. He must always wear the letter S in some conspicuous place,
and is soon given the charge of a part or the whole of a street. If
faithful in these duties, godly in character, and of good general
ability, he may be recommended by his captain for promotion. The
major refers him to the general, and if he answers satisfactorily
a long list of questions asked him by the latter he is sent to the
“training barracks” at Clapton, whence, after from six weeks to three
months, he is dispatched to some distant field as lieutenant. Each
officer is expected to lead from nineteen to twenty-five meetings
a week, and spend eighteen hours in visiting families. The army
has become so large that the management of affairs devolves upon
the majors. Its property is held by an attorney in the name of
the general. All who are able must contribute toward the general
expenses, and most of the corps are now self-supporting. The salaries
are met by general subscription.


COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF BRITISH ARMIES.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Who is the present Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-chief of the
  British armies? Please give an outline of his career.

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—He is first cousin to Queen Victoria; being the son of
Adolphus Frederick, Duke of Cambridge, tenth child of George III.,
of whom Edward Augustus, Duke of Kent, the Queen’s father, was fifth
child. He succeeded to the title of his father, July 8, 1850. In
1837 he was promoted to a colonelcy in the British army. In 1854 he
was Lieutenant General commanding the first division sent to aid
Turkey against Russia in what is known as the Crimean war. He led the
troops at Alma and Inkerman. There was a good deal of dissatisfaction
expressed at the slow progress of the war, and under the plea of
ill-health he returned to England, where, in 1856, he succeeded
Viscount Hardinge as Commander-in-chief. In 1862 he was raised to
the rank of Field Marshal. He has never married, but—like his Uncle
William IV., who lived for many years with Mrs. Jordan, the actress,
rearing a numerous illegitimate family by her, and his Uncle Augustus
Frederick, Duke of Sussex, who, in violation of the royal marriage
act, married a subject, the Lady Augusta Murray, who bore him two
illegitimate children—he has persistently lived for many years with
Miss Fairbrother, once known as a beautiful actress, by whom he has
several illegitimate children, well provided for out of his large
income.


THE ANTIQUITY OF MAN.

  BRUSHY PRAIRIE, Md.

  Please give a synopsis of the observations and opinions of the best
  geologists of the present time as to the antiquity of man upon the
  earth.

  R. ASHLEY.

_Answer._—To summarize the earliest recorded geological evidences of
man’s life as briefly as possible it may be said: 1. In the words of
Professor Archibald Geikie, of Edinburgh University, “The geological
deposits which contain the history of the human period are cavern
loam, river alluvia, lake bottoms, peat mosses, and other superficial
accumulations.” Human remains are not found imbedded in stratified
rock, as in the cases of the fossilized plants and animals of the
lower orders. The entire period in which any supposed evidences of
the existence of man have been discovered is the Miocene or middle
epoch of the Tertiary period. They consist of a few flint flakes,
fancied to have been used, possibly, as human implements, but so
roughly shaped that it is admitted they may be simply natural; and
some bones of animals, scratched as if scraped by men, but more
probably by the teeth of wild animals. No geologist of high repute
acknowledges any of these crude objects and marks as proof of the
existence of man in the Miocene period. It has been claimed that
traces of man were found in California, in Calaveras County, and
on Table Mountain, in the next later formation, the Pliocene. But
M. Favre, reviewing the whole subject up to 1870, and Mr. Evans,
President of the Geological Society of London, still later, in 1875,
declare that the existence of man in any epoch of the Tertiary period
is unproved. 2. The next period is the Quaternary, which immediately
precedes the geological epoch in which we are living, known as the
“recent epoch.” The Quaternary period is subdivided into three
epochs, of which the earliest was the “glacial,” the second the
“champlain,” and the third the “terrace.” During the first of these
the northern regions of Europe, Asia, and America appear to have
been capped with ice down to about the latitude of 40 degrees north.
During the second the glaciers melted, the ice cap receded toward
the pole, and the greater part of the now cultivable regions of the
northern hemisphere were flooded with seas and lakes, underneath
which heavy sedimentary deposits were found. During the third epoch
land continued to rise; the lakes were drained off; mighty rivers
took the place of many of the lakes, cutting deep channels through
the old flood plain-deposits left by glaciers and lakes, and leaving
terraces or bluffs, such as are seen along the Mississippi, Missouri,
and other great rivers. In this formation, in the terraces of the
river Somme, near Abbeville, M. Boucher de Perthes discovered, about
1858, chipped flints, associated with the bones of the mammoth,
rhinoceros, hyena, horse, etc., which are generally regarded as human
implements. Similar discoveries were made at Hoxne, England, in
strata underlying the higher level river-gravels, but overlying the
glacier deposit, which seems to fix this discovery in the champlain
epoch. A well-shaped human skull was found in a cave at Engis, near
Liege, Belgium, associated with bones of extinct and living species,
beneath a crust of stalagmite, which are believed to belong to the
middle or latter part of the Quaternary period. Near Nice, in a
cave at Mentone, a few years ago, was found the skeleton of a man,
associated with the bones of the cave-bear and the cave-lion—long
extinct in that region—and the bones of living species, such as the
reindeer and stag, with twenty-two perforated teeth of the stag lying
around his head as if they had been worn as a necklace. In what
is called the Aurignac cave in France were found seventeen human
skeletons of both sexes and all sizes, along with entire bones of
extinct animals, and human implements and ornaments. The cave was
closed up with a slab, and outside of it was a deposit of ashes and
cinders, with burnt and split and knawed bones of extinct animals,
covered with talus, or a sloping heap of broken rock and earth.
Coming down from these discoveries to those of apparently later
times, the habitations of more civilized men have been discovered
in what are called the “lake dwellings” of Switzerland, of New
Guinea, South America, and in some parts of Africa. Such are the
chief indications of the antiquity of man, reckoned by geological
periods and epochs; but how to reduce these latter to years is still
an unsolved problem; so much so that some geologists claim that the
beginning of the terrace epoch, which, as above shown, contains the
earliest well-defined human remains, does not extend back more than
7,000 to 10,000 years, while others date it back from 50,000 to
60,000 years. Professor Le Conte sums up his review of this question
by saying: “In conclusion, we may say that we have as yet no certain
knowledge of man’s time on the earth. It may be 100,000 years, or it
may be only 10,000, but more probably the former than the latter.”
The fact that the deposits in which human remains and implements have
been discovered are all confessedly “superficial” gives opportunity
for unending disputations as to the origin of such remains, the
date of their deposit, and the time requisite to produce subsequent
physical changes.


PALACE OF THE CÆSARS.

  MULBERRY, Ind.

  Please give a description of the Palace of the Cæsars and the
  “Golden House” of Nero. How far were they apart, and how much did
  they cost?

  J. J. R.

_Answer._—The Palace of the Cæsars, if we judge from the Latin
authors, was of all palaces of its time the most magnificent. The
palace of Augustus, built upon the site of the houses of Cicero and
Catiline, was its beginning, and each succeeding Emperor altered
and improved it. Tiberius and Caligula enlarged it, Nero added his
Golden House, and Titus used the portion on the Esquiline Hill for
his famous baths. It is now a mass of shapeless ruins, extending
over three hills of Rome, and covering an area 1,500 feet in length
and 1,300 feet in width, giving no hint of what it once was in
architecture or embellishment. All is left to the imagination of the
poet except the beauty of the Golden House, which soon outrivaled
the splendor of the older palace of which it was a part. It is
said to have been the houses of Augustus and Maecenas connected by
arches and columns, and it extended over the Palatine, Esquiline,
and Cælian Hills of Rome. The interior was covered with gold and
precious stones, and adorned with the finest paintings and statuary
that the world afforded. The circular banquet hall, perpetually
revolving in imitation of the apparent motion of the sun about the
earth, had vaulted iron ceilings, which, opening, scattered flowers
upon the guests, and golden pipes through which ran sweet perfumes.
In the vestibule stood Nero’s statue, 120 feet in height. The palace
was surrounded by a triple portico a mile in length, and supported
by a thousand columns, and within this lay an immense lake, whose
banks were bordered by great buildings, each representing a little
city, about which lay green pastures and groves, where sported “all
animals, both tame and wild.” It is impossible to learn how much
these palaces cost. They were not far apart, but reference to Tacitus
Annals shows that they were distinct structures.


HOMEOPATHY IN THE UNITED STATES.

  CAMBRIDGE, Ill.

  Please inform me, if you can, who was the first teacher of
  homeopathy in this country, and the extent to which the practice of
  it has spread.

  W. N. BOYER, M. D.

_Answer._—It is generally conceded that Hans B. Gram, a native of
Boston, who studied in Denmark, introduced homeopathy into the United
States in the year 1825. There are now twelve colleges of this school
of medicine in this country, graduating from 300 to 400 students a
year—380 in 1880—45 homeopathic dispensaries; over 30 hospitals; 15
periodicals devoted to this practice; and about 7,500 physicians and
surgeons.


NEBRASKA AND LINCOLN’S MONUMENT.

  FREMONT, Neb.

  To settle a dispute, state whether Nebraska voted $500 toward the
  National Lincoln Monument at Springfield, Ill., and then took it
  back, or refused to pay it over to the Monument Association.

  A. C. F.

_Answer._—By an act approved Feb. 15, 1869, the Legislature of
Nebraska appropriated $500 “to aid in the construction of the
National Lincoln Monument at or near Springfield, Ill.” In September,
1882, when visiting the monument, the Hon. Isham Reavis, of Falls
City, Neb., who voted for this appropriation, learned incidentally
from Mr. J. C. Power, the custodian, that the Association had never
received the money. On his return to Nebraska he went to Lincoln, and
by examination of the Auditor’s books found that the $500 had never
been remitted, and that in due time it had by operation of law been
covered back into the treasury with other unexpended balances. With
the hearty co-operation of the Hon. C. H. Gere, of the _Nebraska
State Journal_, who as a member of the Senate had participated in
the act of appropriation, Judge Reavis induced leading members of
the last Legislature to revive the appropriation. The Legislature of
New York had set an example some time before by the reappropriation
of the $10,000 which it had voted to the monument, but which had
been permitted to lapse before it had been called for. Having
been informed that the monument was then about complete, that the
association was not in debt, and that the receipts from visitors for
admission to the monument pay all current expenses, but that if the
Nebraska appropriation was paid over it would be used in embellishing
the nine acres of ground surrounding the monument, the Legislature,
on or about Feb. 23, 1883, reappropriated the original amount of
$500. After all, therefore, Nebraska has a share in this splendid
memorial to the immortal Lincoln.


LOW TARIFF AND FIAT MONEY.

  EMPORIA, Kan.

  Your reply to J. R. Thompson has awakened in my mind a desire to
  know more about the Japanese currency and financial conditions.
  What led to the issue of the Japanese “fiat money,” as you call
  it? Was this paper money “convertible?” What was it based on? When
  was it redeemable, and how? What was the financial standing of the
  government at the time, and what is it now?

  E. D. HUMPHREY.

_Answer._—The treaties made with Japan by foreign nations when that
country was wholly unsophisticated in treaty-making and inexperienced
in the laws of international commerce, provided for the admission
of foreign products on what is practically a free-trade basis.
As a consequence, the balance of trade has for years past been
against Japan, her exports being considerably less in value than
her imports. For example, in 1880 the exports from Japan to Great
Britain (which country gets two-thirds of the whole Japanese foreign
trade) amounted to only £531,621, while the British “home produce”
alone imported into Japan amounted to £3,290,906. Again and again
Japan, seeing the ruinous effects on home industry resulting from
the too moderate tariff fixed by the foreign treaties, has sought to
get a modification of those treaties permitting her to increase the
tariff, but thus far with little effect. Of course the difference
between the value of the imports and exports has to be paid in the
precious metals. The country was already suffering from this drain of
bullion, when a civil war broke out in 1868, and the government was
forced to issue paper currency to meet its ordinary and extraordinary
expenses. This first issue bore a promise of redemption at the end
of thirteen years; but, though the rebellion had been put down and a
peaceful and, in many respects, a strong, progressive government had
been established, this government was not in a condition to keep its
promises, and the old currency issue was replaced with a new one,
without any stipulation as to when it should be redeemed. The people
looked upon it with distrust, and, although it was a legal tender, it
was not long before it dropped to 50 cents on the dollar as compared
with specie. The government took warning, entered upon a contraction
of expenditures, strove to inspire confidence in the currency, and by
contracting the volume somewhat, it has raised the value of its paper
money to about 75 cents on the dollar.

When Japan opened its ports to foreign commerce it was substantially
without debt. It is not even now heavily burdened, and could it once
check the influx of foreign goods and so develop its home productions
as to bring exports and imports to something like an equilibrium,
its financial condition would be superior to that of most other
countries. Its foreign debt in January, 1875, amounted to no more
than £3,400,000, which had been reduced by the action of the sinking
fund to £2,134,700 at the end of 1881; and its home debt in July,
1880, stood at £69,406,919—a total of about $357,700,000; of which
$108,000,000 was the “fiat money,” or irredeemable paper currency
above described.


MEANING OF A AND AP IN SURNAMES.

  GREENVILLE, Ill.

  What do the abbreviations _a_ and _ap_ before a surname denote?

  SEA.

_Answer._—These particles, “a” and “ap,” are abbreviations of Latin
prepositions meaning “of” and “at” or “from.” Generally, when
connected with names, they refer to the town or place where one was
born, or the family estate. In the case, for example, of Thomas _a_
Kempis, author of that famous work entitled “Imitation of Christ,”
which has been translated into more languages than any other book,
save the Bible, the “a” denotes “from.” His family name was Thomas
Hammerken. He was born in 1379 or 1380 in the town of Kempen, near
Cologne. He was educated first at Deventer, then at Zwolle, and in
the Convent of St. Agnes. After the custom of the times at these
schools, he was known as “Thomas from Kempen,” and, finally, as
happened in many other such cases, the school name pushed aside the
family name.


TROPICAL PLANTS IN LABRADOR.

  TINGLEY, Iowa.

  Have any tropical plants been discovered in the rocks of Labrador?
  If so, where and by whom?

  JAMES S. WILLIAMS.

_Answer._.—Tropical vegetation once existed far north of Labrador,
as is shown by fossil remains discovered in Greenland, Iceland and
Spitzbergen; but we do not know whether similar discoveries have been
made in Labrador. We must refer you to Hind’s “Explorations of the
Labrador Peninsula,” and Bell’s “Report of the Geological Survey of
Canada,” 1879.


CURING BASKET WILLOW.

  WINNECONNE, Wis.

In your edition of July 26 is an inquiry on the basket willow from
T. H. Davis, of Loveland, Col. I think the answer right all but the
directions for curing. In England I have seen them set the willows,
after they are cut, in bundles, standing in a pond or stream of
water, butts down, with stakes and poles to keep them in position.
In the spring, when the sap rises, peel them by drawing through a
crotched stake set firm in the ground and faced in the crotch with
iron. If the willow is allowed to dry before peeling it will be hard
to get the bark off and the wood will be discolored.

  F. LIGHTFOOT.


JEAN PAUL RICHTER.

  OCONOMOWOC, Wis.

  Will you oblige me with a short sketch of Jean Paul Richter. How is
  Richter pronounced?

  A READER.

_Answer._—Jean Paul Friedrick Richter was one of the most original
characters in the literary world. He was a man of much general
information, but of erratic genius. It has been said that he wrote in
“gems,” so filled are his works with beautiful ideas. But his style
is too careless and his thoughts too rambling to place him among
classical writers. He was born at Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, March 21,
1763. Though, when quite young, his father’s death left the family
in poverty, Jean Paul resolved to go to Leipsic, and by the greatest
self-sacrifice he accomplished his resolve. At the end of four
years, however, he was obliged to leave the town secretly to escape
being arrested for debt. He now abandoned the idea of entering the
church and taught for a few years, writing meanwhile. When, in 1794,
he began his visits to German literary centers, he found himself
the idol of the ladies, who treasured even the shorn locks of his
poodle, and sometimes ventured to propose to the eccentric author
himself. But he rejected them all, and in 1801 chose for himself
the brilliant Caroline Mayer, of Berlin. Ever afterward the King of
Bavaria gave him an annual pension of 1,000 florins and he received
the degree of doctor from the University of Heidelberg. In his later
years his mental strength failed and in 1824 he became totally blind.
He died at Bayreuth Nov. 14, 1825, surrounded by loving friends.
His character, though eccentric, was beautiful in its gentleness
and philanthropy. The poor were his chief mourners. Carlyle has
translated some of his writings and found in him a theme for two of
his best essays. The ch in Richter’s name has the same sound as in
the German word for book. It can be learned properly only by oral
instruction.


INVENTOR OF COTTON GIN-WHITNEY.

  WINDSOR, Ill.

  Please give some items connected with the life of Eli Whitney.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—Eli Whitney, a graduate of Yale College in 1792, was
induced to invent a machine for cleaning cotton by the widow of
Nathaniel Greene, with whom he boarded while studying law. He
patented the cotton-gin, but the idea was stolen by other parties,
and it was only after years of litigation that he obtained the
$50,000 which had been voted him for the invention by the Legislature
of Georgia. In 1793 he established a manufactory for the machine near
Washington, Ga., but five years later he turned his attention to the
improvement of firearms, reaping a fortune therefrom.


ISINGLASS.

  GLENALLIN, D. T.

  Please tell me how isinglass is made, and whether the raw material
  is valuable.

  A. H. CHASE.

_Answer._—The raw material of isinglass is the air bladders or sounds
of fish, and is invaluable except for this one purpose. In Russia,
where the finest isinglass is made, the sounds of the sturgeon are
cut open and steeped in water until the outer membrane separates from
the inner; then the latter is washed and dried in the sun. The sounds
of the common cod, the hake, and other gadidae are also used for
isinglass.


MOCHA ISLAND.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Is there an island by the name of Mocha? If so, please describe it.
  Also tell where Mocha coffee grows.

  HENRY COLLINS.

_Answer._.—There is an Island named Mocha off the coast of Auracania,
belonging to Chili. It is about eight miles long, very broken, and
at the north end mountainous, rising to 1,230 feet above the sea.
Whalers occasionally resort to it for wood and water, both of which
are scarce, while the landing is bad. There is a portion of Southwest
Abyssinia called Mocha. But the place by this name that is of most
importance is a fortified port on the Arabian side of the Red Sea.
It gives its name to the finest variety of coffee known to commerce,
most of which is produced in the interior of Arabia, in the province
of Yemen.


A SPORTING TERM—HIGH-BINDER.

  ALEDO, Ill.

  What is the meaning of “high-binder,” an old sporting term, I think?

  JOSEPH WHITTAUS.

_Answer._—The high-binder is an athlete, such as a circus tumbler and
jumper. The term is sometimes applied to horses that jump hurdles and
ditches, or steeple-chasers.


UNITED BRETHREN.

  KINGMAN, Kan.

  What is the date of the founding of the sect known as the United
  Brethren in Christ; what are the present statistics of the church,
  and how does it differ from the Methodist Episcopal Church?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—This sect was founded among the Germans in Pennsylvania
by Philip William Otterbein and Martin Boehm in 1760. In 1875 they
numbered 4,010 churches, 1,967 ministers, 136,076 members, and their
church property was valued at more than $2,500,000. The church
has ten educational institutions in Western States, and a large
printing establishment at Dayton, Ohio. The members are sometimes
called German Methodists, as their faith is Arminian; but their
church polity is a mixture of Methodism, Congregationalism, and
Presbyterianism. Like the Methodists, they have quarterly, annual,
and general conferences, but their bishops are elected for only four
years. They are very severe in the requirements of candidates for
membership, admitting none who are members of secret societies or
sanction slavery and the use of alcoholic liquors.


EMBER DAYS.

  CHAMPAIGN, Ill.

  What is understood by the ember days?

  N. ZEIGLER.

_Answer._—The ember days are days set apart in the calendar of the
Romish and Episcopal Churches for the purpose of fasting and prayer,
imploring a divine blessing upon the fruits of the earth, and upon
the ordinations performed at that time. Wednesday, Friday, and
Saturday, in the week following the first Sunday in Lent, Whitsunday,
the 14th of September, and the 13th of December, are called ember
days, and the weeks in which they occur are called ember weeks.


VICTOR HUGO’S WORKS.

  VIENNA, Iowa.

  Please give a sketch of the life of Victor Hugo, the poet and
  novelist. Name some of his most noted writings, and where they may
  be found?

  H. S. ELLWANGER.

_Answer._—A brief biographical sketch of Victor Hugo may be found in
Our Curiosity shop for 1880. His earlier novels are “Han d’Islande,”
“Bug-Jargal,” and “Notre Dame de Paris;” his dramas, “Cromwell,”
“Marion Delorme,” “Le Roi s’amuse,” “Lucrèce Borgia,” “Ruy Blas,”
and “Hernani;” his poems, “Les Feuilles d’Automne,” “Les Chants du
Crépuscule,” and while an exile upon the island of Guernsey he added
“Les Misérables,” “Les Travailleurs de la Mer,” “L’Homme qui Rit,”
and “Quatrevingt-Treize.” Since then he has published his “Speeches,”
the “Légende des Siècles,” “L’Histoire d’un Crime,” and a poem, “Le
Pape.” He is one of the most original and perhaps the most popular
writer of fiction and lyric verse France has ever produced.


PRESIDENTS OF THE SENATE.

  WAUSAU, Wis.

  Please give the names of the Presidents of the United States
  Senate up to date. How long do the Presidents pro tempore retain
  that position? Give the names of Speakers of the House of
  Representatives, beginning with the Forty-second Congress.

  N. A. S.

_Answer._—The Vice President of the United States is President of the
Senate when sitting in that body, but in his absence a President pro
tempore is proposed and chosen by ballot. “His office is understood
to be determined on the Vice President appearing and taking the
chair, or at the meeting of the Senate after the first recess.” (See
Jefferson’s Manual.) The persons who have presided over the Senate
are: John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr, George Clinton,
William H. Crawford, Elbridge Gerry, John Gaillard, Daniel D.
Tompkins, John C. Calhoun, Hugh L. White, Martin Van Buren, Richard
M. Johnson, John Tyler, Samuel L. Southard, Willie P. Mangum, George
M. Dallas, Millard Fillmore, William R. King, David R. Atkinson,
Jesse D. Bright, John C. Breckinridge, Hannibal Hamlin, Andrew
Johnson, Lafayette S. Foster, Benjamin F. Wade, Schuyler Colfax,
Henry Wilson, Thomas W. Ferry, William A. Wheeler, Chester A. Arthur,
David Davis, and the present incumbent, George F. Edmunds. It is not
worth while to mention those who have filled the chair only for a
few hours at a time. The Speakers since the Forty-second Congress
have been James G. Blaine, Michael C. Kerr, Samuel J. Randall, and J.
Warren Keifer.


DAVID H. STROTHER—“PORTE CRAYON.”

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Kindly give the right name of the author of “Virginian
  Illustrated,” “Life in the Old Dominion,” “Virginian Canaan,” etc.,
  which appeared in _Harper’s Monthly_, vols. 6 to 12, under the nom
  de plume of “Porte Crayon.” What became of him? Is he still living?

  JAMES BUTCHER.

_Answer._—The real name of this author is David Hunter Strother. He
was born in Virginia, in 1816, studied art in New York; first became
known to the public as “Porte Crayon” in 1853; entered the Union army
as Captain in 1864, resigned, and in 1867 was brevetted Brigadier
General; after the war, published in _Harper’s Monthly_ a series of
“Personal Reminiscences of the War;” and in 1879 went to Mexico as
Consul General, an office he still holds.


THE GUINEA PIG.

  WATERVILLE, Kan.

  Will you please tell me, through your department, the nature and
  origin of the Guinea pigs? Where do they come from, and how often
  in a year do they breed?

  “MAGNOLIA.”

_Answer._—Properly speaking, the “Guinea pig” (cava caboya) is not a
pig, but a rodent closely related to the restless cavy of Uraguay and
Brazil, belonging to the same natural order as the rat and beaver.
Like the cavidae, it burrows in the ground, and feeds upon fruits
and herbs. Its chief value consists in its beauty, which may be
described thus: A white fur, patched with red and black, covering a
little animal a foot long and weighing from a pound to a pound and a
half—a creature inoffensive and helpless in the extreme, exceedingly
restless, and not remarkably intelligent. It is supposed that this
cavy was carried from South America to Europe in the fifteenth or
sixteenth century, and there domesticated; and that its name is a
corruption of Guiana pig. It is very prolific, beginning to breed at
the age of two months, and rearing a brood of four to twelve three
times a year.


DARIUS AND THE SCYTHIANS.

  GENEVA, Ill.

  In “Gibbon’s Rome,” Vol. III., chap. 26, page 13, we find the
  following foot-note: “When Darius advanced into the Moldavian
  desert, between the Danube and the Niester, the King of the
  Scythians sent him a mouse, a frog, a bird, and five arrows; a
  tremendous allegory!” What did this allegory signify?

  C. P. DUTTON.

_Answer._—It has been variously interpreted. The following is the
meaning given it by some writers: “You make war (the arrows) on a
people you cannot conquer until you can subsist on roots and wild
grain like the mouse, inhabit either land or water, like the frog,
and flee with the swiftness of a bird.” Another rendering is: “We
subsist in the wild fields like the mouse; live either on land or
water, like the frog; flee like the bird, and slay our pursuers as we
flee, for our right hands are full of arrows for our enemies.” Darius
Hystaspes had demanded an offering of earth and water from them as
a token of submission, and this was the answer of these invincible
barbarians; and they made good their allegory. As Darius pursued them
with an army of 700,000 men they led him farther and farther, through
forests, swamps, and deserts, until his troops died of fatigue,
malaria, and famine, and he was compelled to return, utterly defeated
in his object, leaving all but a mere remnant of his immense army
dead in the wilderness.


THE MISSISSIPPI AND MISSOURI RIVERS.

  YELLOWSTONE, Wis.

  The “New American Dictionary” says that the Missouri is the longest
  river in the world, 4,194 miles, and that the Mississippi is
  3,200. “Wilson’s Geography” says the Mississippi is 4,396, and the
  Missouri is 3,960 miles long. Please tell us which is right, and
  the reasons for these variations.

  JAMES LYONS.

_Answer._—The fact is that the precise lengths of the chief rivers
of the globe are not known. They shift their channels and wind to
such a degree as renders it a difficult problem to determine the
exact length of any one of them, and exactness in such cases is not
as yet a matter of sufficient practical importance to justify the
expense of making accurate measurements. If it were, it would be
found that every great river varies in length from time to time by
cutting new channels for itself. As a consequence all statements are
only estimates, and scarcely two original writers precisely agree.
The latest edition of “Lippincott’s Gazetteer of the World” does not
presume to speak positively, but says: “The Mississippi is about
3,000 miles long (or, as some say, 3,160).” Speaking of the Missouri,
it says: “The total length of the stream, from its source to the
Gulf of Mexico, is computed to be 4,300 miles.” “Chambers’ Universal
Knowledge” says the Mississippi River is 2,986 miles long from its
source to its mouth, and that from the latter to the source of the
Missouri is 4,506 miles. Probably Lippincott’s statements are nearest
to the truth, but none of them claim to be absolute measurement.


WHY EASTER IS A MOVABLE FEAST.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Why does Christmas always fall on the same day of the month,
  while the days celebrated in commemoration of Christ’s death
  and ascension change? I have submitted this question to several
  ministers and other learned persons without receiving a
  satisfactory answer.

  BUSCANDO.

_Answer._—Christ was crucified on Friday, the 14th day of the Jewish
month Nisan, and rose from the dead on the following Sunday. The
14th of Nisan was the Jewish “passover,” the day observed by them in
commemoration of the sprinkling of their door-posts with the blood
of the paschal lamb on the night when the “Destroying Angel” passed
over the dwellings of the Israelites but smote the first-born of the
Egyptians. As the year of the Jews is a lunar year, and the 14th of
Nisan is always a full-moon day, the Christian Church, regarding
the observance of the crucifixion of Christ as a substitute for the
passover of the Jewish Church, determine Good Friday and Easter
Sunday by the rules for reckoning the Jewish ecclesiastical year.
Christmas, intended to commemorate the birth of Christ, had no
connection with the ritual of the old church, and, like some two or
three hundred other immovable feast days of the Church of Rome, many
of them birthdays of saints, it was finally settled that it should be
observed on a given day of the common calendar.


OMAHA INDIAN RESERVATION.

  BOONE, Iowa.

  Isn’t it about time that the Omaha Indian Reservation was opened
  for settlement, under the act of Congress approved Aug. 7, 1882?

  GRANGER.

_Answer._—The same question, substantially, comes to THE INTER OCEAN
at least once a week from one part of the country or another. In
reply to an inquiry, the Acting Commissioner of the General Land
Office recently wrote as follows:

  WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.—Editor of Inter Ocean: In reply to your inquiry
  of the 17th ult., I have to state that this office is unable to
  say what time will elapse before the Omaha Indian Reservation,
  in Nebraska, will be open to settlement. The requirements of the
  act of Aug. 7, 1882, as to appraisement, have not yet been fully
  complied with, and these lands are still under the jurisdiction of
  the Office of Indian Affairs. Yours respectfully,

  LUTHER HARRISON,
  Acting Commissioner.

The substance of the act above referred to is given in Our Curiosity
Shop for 1882, pages 113 and 128.


FIRST AMERICAN FREE SCHOOLS.

  DOUGLASS, Kan.

  Where and in what year were free schools first established in this
  country? Who was the first advocate of them? When did they become
  general?

  HENRY BUTLER.

_Answer._—A law was passed in Massachusetts in 1649 requiring every
township to maintain a free school, and every town of 100 families
to maintain a grammar school to “fit youths for the university;”
and it is recorded in 1665 that a free school was then supported by
each town in New England. The Connecticut, Plymouth, and New Haven
Colonies soon followed this good example of Massachusetts, either
in whole or in part. The first public school in Pennsylvania was
established in Philadelphia by the Quakers, in 1689, free to those
who could not pay. In 1694 Maryland enacted that every county should
have a public school, and every parish a free library of at least
fifty volumes. A free grammar school was established in New York by
an act passed in 1702, but a system of free common schools was not
inaugurated in this State until after 1795, in which year, on the
recommendation of Governor Clinton, the Legislature appropriated
$50,000 to encourage the establishment of common schools—not wholly
free. It was years after this before the system of schools free
to all (except colored children) went into general operation in
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan. The
Southern States waited until after the war before adopting the
free-school system even for white children. Their common schools
were free only for the children of confessed paupers. Who was “the
first advocate” of free schools it is now impossible to determine
positively. Several of them came over in the Mayflower, as there
were a few free schools in Massachusetts before the above enactment
of 1649, making it obligatory on every town to have them, the chief
argument then being that “every child must know how to read the
Bible.”


CORDOVA, MEXICO.

  UNION CITY, Iowa.

  My regiment was stationed at Cordova, Mexico, at the close of the
  Mexican war. How old is that city, by whom was it founded, and what
  is its present population?

  M. W. V.

_Answer._—Cordova, situated about fifty-seven miles inland from
Vera Cruz, Mexico, is now a city of 6,500 to 7,000 inhabitants. The
district around it is very fertile, and the tobacco, sugar, coffee,
and cotton produced here foster an increasing trade. Its streets
are regularly laid out and well paved; most of the houses are built
of stone, and the fine cathedral is much admired for its interior
architecture and decorations. The city was founded by the early
Spanish adventurers and missionaries on the site of an old Aztec
town, and named in honor of the forerunner of Cortez, Francisco
Fernandez de Cordova, the discoverer of Yucatan and the southeastern
extremity of Mexico, in the year 1517. The date of the first Spanish
settlement is uncertain.


MARSHAL KEITH.

  FAIRMONT., Neb.

  Who was Marshal Keith, “the noble exile,” killed at the battle of
  Hochkirchen?

  W. P. JACKS.

_Answer._—He was Francis Edward James Keith, a Scotch nobleman,
born at Inverngie Castle, Aberdeenshire, in 1696. He and his elder
brother, the Earl Marischal, espoused the cause of the “Elder
Pretender,” as he is called, James Francis Edward, son of the deposed
James II. of England, in the insurrection of 1715. That affair ended
in speedy disaster, and being attainted of treason, he fled to
France. Here after some two years, spent for the most part in study
at the University of Paris, he took part in the disastrous expedition
of the Pretender to the highlands of Scotland in 1719. Escaping
again to France, he lived in obscurity and want, first at Paris and
then at Madrid, until he received a colonel’s commission in the army
of the King of Spain. Here his Protestantism stood in the way of his
promotion, and he soon took a recommendation from the King to Peter
II. of Russia, in whose service he soon rose to the rank of general.
In 1747 he entered the service of Frederick the Great of Prussia, who
made him a field marshal, accounting him one of his ablest generals.
Quick to discern the military exigencies and opportunities of the
moment, and prompt to avail himself of them, “sagacious, skillful,
imperturbable, without fear and without noise, a man quietly ever
ready,” as Carlyle describes him, he had the full confidence, and
even won the affection, of Frederick, who was wont to place him in
the most responsible positions. He was killed Oct. 14, 1758, in the
battle of Hochkirch, in which Frederick the Great suffered one of the
most terrible defeats of that bloody war at the hands of the combined
Austrian and Prussian armies.


SUNDAY SCHOOLS IN ALL THE WORLD.

  SALMON CITY, D. T.

  Please give the origin of the Sunday school, where and by whom
  first started, and the number of such schools in this country, and,
  so far as known, in the whole world.

  W. H. ANDREWS.

_Answer._—The following statistics of Sunday schools were reported by
Mr. E. P. Porter to the Robert Raikes Centennial Convention held in
London, England, June 28, to July 3, 1880. They comprise only those
of the “Evangelical denominations,” and are incomplete even for this
class of schools. Full returns, including the enrollment in schools
of denominations not classed by Mr. Porter as Evangelical, probably
would increase the above aggregate by from 20 to 25 per cent.

  Countries.     Teachers.    Scholars.      Total.

  Europe           550,001    5,332,813    5,882,814
  Asia               1,772       38,000       39,772
  Africa               300       15,000       15,300
  N. America       931,740    6,974,454    7,906,194
  S. America         3,000      150,000      153,000
  Oceanica          17,800      170,000      187,800
                 —————————   ——————————   ——————————
      Total      1,504,613   12,680,267   14,184,880

The numbers reported for the United States, at the above convention,
were as follows: Schools, 82,261; teachers, 886,328; scholars,
66,233,124. Your other questions are all answered with great care on
pages 58 and 96 of Our Curiosity Shop, in book form, for 1882; price
per mail, 25 cents.


SCHOOLS OF BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

  MILES, Iowa.

  How do the public school privileges of Ireland compare with those
  of England?

  H. G. BRYANT.

_Answer._—The total population of Ireland in 1881 was 5,159,839. The
total number of national schools in 1880 was 7,590, with 1,083,020
pupils, aided by a parliamentary grant of £722,366, or about
$3,611,830. The population of Great Britain proper—England, Wales and
Scotland—was 29,703,859 in 1881, and the number of public schools
inspected in 1880 was 20,670, with an attendance of 3,155,534 pupils.
The parliamentary grant amounted to £2,468,077, or about $12,340,385,
so that the parliamentary grant in aid of primary education in
Ireland is about 70 cents per capita of the total population,
while for England, Wales and Scotland it is only about 41 cents.
The above figures cover only the national schools for elementary
instruction, in addition to which there are hundreds of parochial,
or denominational and private schools in both countries. In Ireland,
in 1880, there were 158 workhouse schools under the superintendency
of the National Board, with an enrollment of 16,945, and an average
attendance of 8,880. There were fifty-two industrial schools in 1879,
with 4,979 inmates. There were in 1880, ninety-four school farms,
nineteen school gardens, and a large number of agricultural schools
under local management. The total number of pupils who entered the
examination in agriculture in 1880 was 33,648, of whom 15,652 passed.
The statistics of industrial schools in England, Wales, and Scotland
are not conveniently obtainable.


SUNLIGHT OVERFLOWS THE HEMISPHERE.

  HAPPY HOLLOW, Ill.

  The sun being so much larger than the earth, does not a little more
  than one-half of the earth’s surface receive its rays at the same
  time?

  W. C. COLGROVE.

_Answer._—A little more than half of the earth’s surface is
illuminated by the sun at any given moment. There is a very slight
extension of the area of illumination for the reason you mention,
and beyond that an extension of from thirty-five to forty miles all
around on account of horizontal refraction. If you put a silver coin
into a bowl, then stand back until the edge barely hides the coin,
and while you keep this same position another person fills the bowl
with water, you will see the bottom of it seem to lift until the coin
comes into sight. This is because the rays of light reflected from
the bottom of the bowl are bent out of a straight line in passing
through the water and out into the thinner medium, the air. This is
called refraction. The rays of light from the setting sun are bent
downward in a similar manner as they enter the earth’s atmosphere,
and so the sun appears to be above the horizon a little more than
two minutes after it has actually dropped below the true horizon. A
difference of two minutes in time corresponds to a distance of thirty
miles on the earth’s surface.


THE BRITISH PARLIAMENT.

  SANDUSKY, Iowa,

  1. Does Parliament serve the same purposes in Great Britain
  as Congress does in the United States? 2. How is Parliament
  constituted?

  A. C. STARIN.

_Answer._—Like the Congress of the United States, the British
Parliament legislates for the whole nation. But, in addition to
this, it takes the place of the separate legislative bodies that
used to exist in Scotland and Ireland, and makes local laws for
England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland, such as in this country can
only be made by State Legislatures. As regards the Dominion of
Canada, the Australian Provinces, and other colonial possessions,
with legislatures of their own, the powers of Parliament are somewhat
analogous to those of Congress over the States. 2. Parliament is
composed of two houses, the Lords and the Commons. The House of
Lords consists of peers who hold their seats either by virtue of
hereditary right; by creation of the sovereign (who is unrestricted
in his power of creating peers); by virtue of office, as the
English bishops; by election for life, as the Irish peers; or by
election for duration of Parliament, as the Scottish peers. This
House, in the session of 1882, consisted of 516 members, of whom 5
were peers of the blood royal, 2 were archbishops, 22 were dukes,
19 marquises, 117 earls, 26 viscounts, 24 bishops, 257 barons,
16 Scottish peers, and 28 Irish representative peers. More than
two-thirds of these hereditary peerages have been created within the
present century—over one-third of them by the present sovereign,
which marks one of the strongest factors of the power of the Crown.
In the same year the Commons consisted of 639 members, classified as
“knights of the shire,” or representatives of counties; “citizens,”
or representatives of cities; and “burgesses,” or representatives of
boroughs—all of whom hold office by election. The qualifications of
electors were given in an article published in Our Curiosity Shop
a few months ago. The total number of these electors in 1882 was
3,134,801.


REMOVAL OF ARTHUR FROM CUSTOM HOUSE.

  MILWAUKEE, Wis.

  Why did President Hayes remove Chester A. Arthur from the New York
  Custom House? Was he charged with dishonesty?

  S. J. SMITH.

_Answer._—There was no official charge or imputation of dishonesty
against Chester A. Arthur when in the New York Custom House. His
administration of that office was a great improvement on any
preceding one for many years back. He had effected great reforms
and ousted officers who had fattened on corruption under his
predecessors. President Hayes distinctly disclaimed any want of
faith in Mr. Arthur’s integrity as a cause for replacing him, and
the official reports of Secretary Sherman bore unequivocal testimony
to the efficiency of the Collector’s administration of his difficult
office, and clearly recognized his personal integrity. Mr. Arthur did
not approve certain changes which Secretary Sherman wished to make,
and he was known also to be in sympathy with Mr. Conkling and others
not favorable to Secretary Sherman’s aspirations for the Presidency.
It is generally believed that the above were the chief reasons
for the Secretary’s desire to supersede Mr. Arthur, which finally
prevailed.


ROGER BACON.

  MELVIN, Ill.

  Please tell us something of the life and works of Roger Bacon.

  A. BUCKHOLZ.

_Answer._—Roger Bacon was an English monk of penetrating intellect,
who by his scientific investigations and writings greatly advanced
the cause of science in a time when the study of nature had been
supplanted by the theological disputations and philosophical
speculations of the “schoolmen.” He was born near Ilchester, England,
in the year 1214, of a respectable family. He graduated at Oxford
and Paris, and, entering the order of Franciscan monks, settled
at Oxford, where he devoted himself to the study of physics. His
discoveries were looked upon as wonderful by the ignorant, and
were made the means by his clerical brethren of bringing him into
disfavor with the Pope, who deprived him of his professorship. He was
imprisoned for some years, until the elevation of Clement II. to the
Papal throne. Despite the Franciscan interdiction, Clement requested
Bacon to send him his writings, and, in answer, John of London became
the bearer to the Pope of “Opus Majus” and two other works. For ten
years Bacon was at liberty, but in 1278 he was again imprisoned, and
the reading of his works forbidden. Through the intercession of many
influential English noblemen, his release was granted shortly before
his death, which occurred in 1292 or 1294. He wrote much, but several
of his works have not been printed. Chief among his inventions was
the magnifying glass, and his superior knowledge won for him the
title, “Doctor Mirabilis.” He sought to know nature through the study
of mathematics and by investigation. He pointed out the errors in the
calendar, growing out of the old style of reckoning, long before Pope
Gregory instituted the present calendar. As a Latin writer, his style
was elegant and forcible; as a scientific scholar, he was fully two
centuries in advance of his age; as a man, his character was pure and
noble.


THE SPHINX—GUNPOWDER.

  1. Is the Sphinx made of one solid block of stone, or is it built
  of mortar and brick? 2. Who invented gunpowder?

  A. L.

_Answer._—1. The “great Sphinx” at Gizeh, Egypt, only 300 feet east
of the second pyramid, was hewn out of the natural rock where it
stands. It measures 172 feet 6 inches long by 52 feet high. 2. Nearly
all authorities agree in referring the invention of gunpowder to
China or India, the weight of evidence being in favor of crediting it
to the former.


COUNTIES LARGER THAN STATES.

  COLUMBIA, D. T.

  Is it true that Brown County, D. T., contains a larger area than
  Rhode Island? Please give the exact figures.

  R. A.

_Answer._—Brown County, D. T., contains forty-eight Congressional
townships, or, disregarding fractional sections, 1,728 square miles;
whereas the area of Rhode Island is but 1,250 square miles. There
are several counties of Dakota that are larger than Delaware, which
contains but 2,050 square miles; such, for example, as Grand Forks,
Pembina, and Burleigh. Some of the unorganized counties are as large
as Connecticut. It will not be long before, following the practice
in the most thickly settled parts of the Territory, these undergrown
but over-extended counties will be subdivided into smaller ones of
sixteen to twenty townships, the ordinary size of an Iowa county,
each about half the size of “Little Rhody.”


LORD BYRON.

  GARNAVILLO, Iowa.

  Please give a sketch of Lord Byron.

  WILLIAM A. KREGEL.

_Answer._—George Gordon, Lord Byron, was born in London in the year
1788, and at the age of 11 succeeded to the title and estate of his
grand uncle, William, Lord Byron, near Nottingham. In 1807, two years
after entering Trinity College, he published his first volume of
poems, entitled “Hours of Idleness.” Stung by the sarcastic criticism
on these poems by Lord Brougham in the Edinburgh _Review_, he soon
after wrote “English Bards and Scotch Reviewers,” a scathing satire,
and at once sailed for Turkey and Greece. “Childe Harold” and a few
shorter poems were written between the years 1812 and 1818. After a
year of riotous living in Italy he sailed for Greece in 1823, and
took a conspicuous part in the struggle for Greek independence. In
this he succeeded so far as to restore comparative order to the
disorganized army, but his health soon began to fail, and exposure to
a storm induced a fever which terminated his life, April 10, 1824.
His body was interred in the Huckwall church-yard, being denied
admission to Westminster Abbey. Byron undoubtedly possessed great
genius and wrote many beautiful and ennobling poems, but his restless
and passionate temper and the immorality of his life tainted most of
what he wrote and debarred him from the list of really great English
poets. In descriptive power, fervor, imagery, and melody his powers
were marvelous, and many passages in his writings are unsurpassed in
these respects by anything in the English language.


TIN AND TARIFF.

  BELOIT, Wis.

  What is meant by “tin and terne plates,” and what is the gist
  of the demand of the “American Tinned Plate Association” for an
  increase of the duty on these plates?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—“Tin plates” are plates of sheet-iron or soft steel, coated
with tin, used chiefly for making household and dairy utensils,
and for cans of all sorts. “Terne plates” are iron or soft steel
sheets, coated with mixed lead and tin, used for roofing and similar
purposes. About 95 to 98 per cent of these products are iron or
steel, the tin and lead coating constituting the remaining 2 to
5 per cent. Soft steel is used chiefly now, because the quality
required can be made cheaper than in iron, is more homogeneous and
solid, and less liable to blister in the tinning processes. The
association above named claims that the British plates imported to
this country are “of poor quality, meanly coated, and, if low priced,
are wasteful in the end.” That if home manufacture of such plates
were encouraged by as heavy a tariff as is put upon other forms of
finished iron—say 50 per cent, instead of only 15 to 30 per cent,
as at present—American competition would act in this case as it
has done in other classes of “protected industry,” to improve the
qualities and ultimately to reduce the actual cost of the goods. But
it is not only in these respects that it would benefit the country,
says this association, but in bringing out the buried resources of
our own mines and increasing the home market for American goods and
American labor. The extra cost of American labor is, after all,
accounted for mainly by the better manner of living of American
laborers; their earnings are distributed among the American consumers
of their wares, instead of being sent abroad to pay foreign laborers,
while the native products utilized are so much clear gain. The tin,
a small percentage of the sheets as above shown, would be imported
to this country directly from Australia or the Dutch East Indies
and “Straits Settlements,” but aside from this the materials used
would be American products. In 1882 there were 480,596,480 pounds
of British tin and terne plates sold in the United States, valued
at $18,000,000 at Liverpool, and costing about $2,000,000 more for
transportation. For this tin the American consumers paid about
$30,000,000. To produce this in the United States would cost about as
follows:

  Tin (to be Imported), lbs           25,000,000
  Tallow, home product, lbs           10,000,000
  Sulphuric acid,  lbs                30,000,000
  Lead, lbs                            5,000,000
  Iron ore, tons                         850,000
  Limestone, tons                        300,000
  Coal, tons                           1,500,000
  Pig iron, tons                         300,000
  Charcoal, bu                         5,000,000
  Labor                              $12,000,000
  Interest on $30,000,000, capital
    invested in machinery              1,800,000
  Cost of repairs                      1,000,000
  Oils and lubricants                    100,000
  Insurance and taxes                  1,000,000

The whole of this amount, excepting the cost of the 25,000,000 pounds
of tin ore, or “block tin,” would be produced and the money involved
kept at home. Such is the substance of the arguments used by the
American Tinned Plate Association to induce Congress to increase the
tariff on “tin and terne plates.”


DEATH RATE OF CITIES.

  NEW ORLEANS, La.

  Will you state the death rate in the principal cities of America
  and Europe?

  E. C.

_Answer._—The following represents the number of deaths per annum
in the United States out of 1,000 inhabitants, according to the
census of 1879: New York, 25.82; Boston, 19.80; Philadelphia, 17.20;
Chicago, 17.20; St. Louis, 18.19; New Orleans, 21.60. The deaths
per 1,000 in the following European cities were as follows: London,
22.83; Berlin, 27.81; Paris, 22.04.


A STANZA FROM MRS. BROWNING.

  PONTOOSUC, Ill.

  The lines quoted in the inquiry of “A Reader” in THE WEEKLY INTER
  OCEAN of Aug. 30 are from the pen of that grand Christian poetess,
  Elizabeth Barrett Browning, and may be found in the fifth verse of
  the beautiful poem, “A Woman’s Shortcomings.” One of the lines is a
  little different from what your questioner has it. I will give you
  the whole verse:

    “Unless you can muse in a crowd all day,
      On the absent face that fixed you;
    Unless you can love as the angels may,
      With the breadth of heaven betwixt you;
    Unless you can dream that his faith is fast,
      Through behooving and unbehooving;
    Unless you can die when the dream is past—
      Oh, never call it loving!”

  Your correspondent has the fourth line, “With the breath of heaven
  between you.”

  MILLARD E. LITTLE.


CORN IN DAKOTA.

  PIERRE, D. T.

I notice that in THE WEEKLY INTER OCEAN of Aug. 23, in answer to
W. K., Chicago, you say that corn is generally conceded to be a
hazardous crop in Southern Dakota. That theory is like the one of
olden time, that Dakota is a vast wilderness where only the sagebrush
and wild buffalo abound. Both theories have been exploded by actual
demonstration, and it is no longer an experiment. Corn ripens in
South Dakota in from 90 to 100 days from date of planting, which
is 10 to 15 days shorter time than it takes in Northern Illinois or
Iowa. It is the soil, the long days and short nights that do it; and
there are numerous farmers here who can testify to the fact.

  W. B. STEERE, M. D.


A GULLED ENGLISHMAN.

  CAPRON, Ill.

In reply to the inquiry of one of your correspondents, referred to
me, as to whether there is “any truth in the statement made in a book
published by some returned English tourists, to the effect that an
itinerant lecturer advertised to give an entertainment at Capron,
Ill., and at the close of the lecture shoot himself dead; that the
home was crowded at $1 a head; and that, true to the programme,
at the conclusion of his speech, this peripatetic orator actually
committed suicide,” I would say that there was such a story written
by a barber here, which was published in the county paper. It was
false. The lecture never was given; at least the funeral never came
off.

  ALEXANDER VANCE, P. M.


SAINT SIMON, THE SOCIALIST.

  DANVILLE, Ill.

  Who was Saint Simon, and what were his principles?

  JOHN SHORT.

_Answer._—Claude Henri, Saint Simon, was a French nobleman, who was
noted as a social philosopher and the founder of the sect named for
him Saint Simonians. He entered the American army in 1778, at 18
years of age, and served therein with distinction and honor. While
returning to his native land he was captured by British seamen and
carried to Jamaica, where he remained until 1783. When at length he
reached France he won many disciples to his socialistic views, and
before his death, in 1823, he wrote several works upon philosophy and
social reform. His greatest work was the ‘Nouveau Christianisme’ (New
Christianity), in which he embodies his final and complete design
for the amelioration of the poor and the preservation of society. He
advocates a social hierarchy, controlling and regulating the choice
of vocations, the fixing of salaries, the division of heritages,
whose chief aim it shall be “to make the labors of each conduce to
the good of all;” and to aid his projects he advised the union of
France and England.


DIXON AND ELGIN BRIDGE DISASTERS.

  BLENDON, Kan.

  Please state the date and the occasion of the Dixon bridge
  disaster, with the number of killed and wounded.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—This calamity occurred on Sunday afternoon, May 4, 1873,
resulting in the death from drowning and injuries of over forty men,
women, and children, and the serious injury of nearly forty others.
Its immediate cause was the overcrowding of the bridge by spectators
of an immersion service of the Baptist Church of that city. The real
cause was the faulty construction of the bridge, which was an iron
structure, known as a Truesdell truss. It was a wagon and root bridge
of five spans, each about 120 feet long. Both shore spans fell into
the water while the three middle ones, resting entirely upon stone
piers, remained suspended by the wrought-iron members of the main
cords from six to eight feet below their proper place, dropped down
between the piers. The number of persons on the first span that went
down was variously estimated to be from 150 to 200, representing a
weight of not more than 30,000 pounds. A Truesdell bridge, erected
over Fox River at Elgin, fell in December, 1868. This was rebuilt by
Mr. Truesdell. On Monday, July 5, 1869, a crowd of about 300 persons
gathered on the bridge to witness a tub race, when the east span, 68
feet in length, fell, precipitating about one hundred men, women, and
children into the water. Fortunately the stream was but about four
feet deep at this time, and no persons were drowned and but two or
three deaths followed from injuries received.


CONGRESSMAN GEORGE W. JULIAN.

  NEODESHA, Kan.

  Was the Hon. George W. Julian a Republican? Describe in brief his
  life.

  E. K. KRONE.

_Answer._—George Washington Julian was born in Centerville, Ind., May
5, 1817. After receiving a common school education he was admitted
to the bar in 1840. He was chosen a member of the Legislature in
1845. From 1849 to 1851 he represented his district in Congress. The
Pittsburg convention nominated him on the Free Democratic ticket
for Vice President with John P. Hale for President. In 1856 he was
prominent among the organizers of the Republican party. In 1861
he was re-elected to Congress, where he continued to do excellent
service for several terms.


GEOLOGICAL DIVISIONS OF TIME.

  Please give the geological divisions of time, beginning with the
  present, and a brief explanation of each.

  N. JAY DEEMS.

_Answer._—The divisions of time established by geologists are based
upon the formations of strata and the advents of different forms of
animal life. The history of the earth is divided into five “eras,”
seven “ages,” twenty-two “periods,” and the last two periods are
subdivided into seven epochs. These divisions, proceeding from the
fifth downward to the first, are as follows: 5. Psychozoic era,
age of man, human period, and recent epoch. 4. Cenozoic era, age
of mammals—embracing the quaternary period, which comprehends the
terrace, Champlain, and glacial epochs, and the tertiary period,
which comprehends the pliocene, miocene, and eocene epochs. 3.
Mesozoic, or middle, era, the age of reptiles, the cretaceous,
jurassic, and triassic periods. 2. Paleozoic era, the carboniferous
age, or age of acrogens and amphibians; the Devonian age, or age of
fishes; the silurian age, or age of invertebrates, or mollusks—the
names of the fourteen periods into which these ages are divided are
not in common use. 1. Archaean, or eozoic era; the archaean age, and
the Huronian and Laurentian periods. For an explanation of the terms
used in this division consult Webster’s or Worcester’s unabridged
dictionaries, and study the clear illustration accompanying the word
“Geology” in the former work.


SUBMARINE CABLES.

  EVERGREEN, Iowa.

  How many telegraph cables cross the Atlantic, and where? How many
  ocean cables are there in all?

  GUY SMITH.

_Answer._—There were in 1879 seven telegraph cables between Europe
and America—five from Ireland, one from France, and one from Portugal
to Brazil. Since then a new cable has been laid between New York and
Flores, in the Azores, from which one extension runs off to France,
England, and Holland, and another to Fayal, San Miguel, and Lisbon,
embracing in all 7,300 miles. The longest line before this latter was
the French cable, 2,585 nautical miles. There are now some 225 ocean
cables in all parts of the world, of the aggregate length of over
68,000 miles.


“I” AND “WE” IN JOURNALISM.

  DAYTON, Ohio.

  1. What is the rule of THE INTER OCEAN as to the use of
  the pronouns “I” and “we” in the office and in editorial
  correspondence? 2. What is your rule respecting a contributor’s
  using “we” when referring to himself?

  J. W. H.

_Answer._—1. The use of the word “we,” under all circumstances, is
deprecated. Senator Conkling once said: “Only three classes of people
are allowed to say ‘we:’ Kings, editors, and men with a tape-worm.”
In this office “THE INTER OCEAN” is used instead of “we.” 2.
Correspondents use “I,” when necessary, but are instructed to be as
impersonal as possible. “Your correspondent” is preferred.


PROVIDENCE SPRING—ANDERSONVILLE PRISON.

  GILMAN, Iowa.

  Is it true that in the Andersonville prison pen, during the late
  civil war, at a time when the water in the creek had become very
  scarce and foul and the captive Unionists were dying from this
  cause, a spring suddenly burst out of the hillside? If this is
  a fact, state some of the particulars, giving the date of the
  occurrence.

  H. W.

_Answer._—It is a fact, and, whether it was a “special providence”
or not, as most, if not all, of those wretched prisoners believed,
it served all the purposes of one, as much as the miracle in the
desert of Sinai, when Moses smote the rock, and the waters gushed
forth which saved the thirst-stricken hosts of Israel. Of the origin
of this spring John McElroy, who spent fourteen months in Southern
prison pens, gives substantially the following account: “Toward the
end of August, 1864, the water in the creek was indescribably bad.
Before the stream entered the stockade it was rendered too filthy for
any use by the contaminations from the camp of the guards, situated
about half a mile above. Immediately upon entering the stockade
its pollution became terrible. The oozy seep at the bottom of the
hillsides drained directly into it all the filth from a population of
33,000. Imagine the condition of an open sewer through the heart of
a city of that many people, and receiving all the offensive products
of so dense a population into a shallow, sluggish stream a yard
wide and five inches deep, heated by the burning rays of the sun at
the thirty-second parallel of latitude.’ The prisoners dug wells in
the swampy earth with their pocket-knives to a depth of 20 to 30
feet, pulling up the earth in pantaloon-legs. But a drought came on
and these wells, which at the best were not free from pollution,
began to fail. To approach too close, even by a hair’s breadth, to
the “dead-line” on the west side of the stockade, where the creek
entered, in the effort to get water as free from filth as possible,
was to sign one’s death warrant, which the whizzing bullet of the
heartless guard executed instantly. “More wicked and unjustifiable
murders were never committed than those almost daily assassinations
at the creek,” says the historian. Sickness had multiplied in this
horrible prison-pen until the wretched victims of such barbarism sat
face to face with despair constantly. At this awful extremity what
was the astonishment and gratitude of the camp one morning, when
it was discovered that “during the night a large, bold spring had
burst out on the north side, about midway between the swamp and the
summit of the hill, and pouring out was a grateful flood of pure,
sweet water, in an apparently exhaustless quantity.” This was the
morning of Aug. 13, 1864. The overjoyed Union prisoners christened it
“Providence spring,” the fitting name by which it is still known.


CATTLE IN THE UNITED STATES.

  JETMORE, Kan.

  State the total number of cattle in the United States, and what
  percentage of them are milch cows.

  C. E. BOUGHTON.

_Answer._—The statistician in the Department of Agriculture estimates
the total number of cattle in all the States and Territories in
January, 1882, as 35,891,870, of which number 12,611,632, or a little
more than 35 per cent, were milch cows. This estimate, so far as
the number of cattle in the Territories, Colorado, and Texas are
concerned, is largely conjectural.


JULES SANDEAU AND “GEORGE SAND.”

  MENDOTA, Ill.

  Who was Jules Sandeau, who is said to have given Madame Dudevant
  the now famous nom de plume of “George Sand?” Why did she take that
  name?

  ALICE.

_Answer._—Leonard Sylvain Jules Sandeau, a French novelist and
dramatic writer of some distinction, was born at Anbusson, France,
Feb. 19, 1811. He studied law in Paris, but subsequently turned his
attention to literature. In 1831 he became acquainted with Madame
Dudevant, who lived with him in three small rooms in the Quai Saint
Michel at a yearly rental of 300 francs. She it was who induced him
to enter upon a literary career. In 1832 they produced together “Rose
et Blanche,” a novel in five volumes, signed “Jules Sand.” It was
received by the public with encouraging favor. Before she returned
to Nahant she conferred with Sandeau respecting a new romance, each
of them to write half of it. Fearing that he would neglect the work
when she was not at hand to spur him to his task, she wrote the
whole of “Indiana,” published the same year, in which her splendid
genius rose far above anything in “Rose et Blanche.” Returning to
Paris, she found that Sandeau had not written a line. Handing him her
manuscript, she exclaimed: “Read that.” He did so, and declared it
to be such a masterpiece that he could not review it. She wished to
retain the name of “Jules Sands,” but as he had taken no part in the
work, he positively declined to allow it. Appealing to their mutual
friend, De Larouche, he advised her to take for a Christian name the
name of the patron saint of the day, St. George, retaining the name
“Sands,” a piece of advice which she instantly adopted. M. Sandeau
afterward produced numerous novels and dramas, conspicuous among
which are “Mdlle. de la Sergliere,” in two volumes, 1848, dramatized
in 1851—generally esteemed his best novel; “La Maison de Penarvan,”
1858, dramatized in 1858; “Le Gendre de M. Poirier,” written in
connection with Emil Angier, 1854—his best comedy. In 1853 he became
keeper of the Mazurin Library, and in 1858 was elected a member
of the French Academy, one of the highest distinctions to which a
Frenchman can aspire. He died April 24, 1883.


MAXIMILIAN AND CARLOTTA.

  CORNING, Iowa.

  Please give a short biography of the Empress Carlotta and the late
  Emperor Maximilian of Mexico.

  LILLIAN ELDRIDGE.

_Answer._—Ferdinand Maximilian Joseph, Archduke of Austria, younger
brother of Francis Joseph I., the present Emperor of Austria-Hungary,
and now generally referred to as the Emperor Maximilian I. of Mexico,
was born in 1832. He was liberally educated, with a mind enriched
by extensive reading, wide travel, and intercourse with many of
the leading spirits of Europe. In 1857, on July 27, he married the
sister of the present King of the Belgians, Charlotte Marie Amelie,
born June 7, 1840. This amiable, beautiful, and highly intellectual
lady was reared by her father, Leopold I., of Belgium, the most
progressive of European sovereigns, with the greatest care, until she
adorned every court she moved in. In 1861, taking advantage of the
troubled condition of Mexico and the civil war in the United States,
France, Spain, and Great Britain commenced hostilities against
Mexico, ostensibly to enforce certain pecuniary claims. But in 1862,
when the real purpose of the French manifested itself, the British
and Spanish forces withdrew, and the French declared war, proclaiming
the intention to liberate the Mexican people from the tyranny of
their President, Benito Juarez. They overran the eastern and central
part of Mexico, captured the capital—receiving more or less support
from the clerical party among the natives—and finally set up a
provisional government, headed nominally by General Almonte, but
really under dictation of the invaders. An “Assembly of Notables,” so
called, convened at Mexico, July 10, 1863, decided by a vote of 281
to 19 in favor of a “limited hereditary monarchy,” with a Catholic
prince for sovereign, under the title of Emperor. At the instigation
of Napoleon, who had already begun to realize the folly of his
undertaking to subdue the whole of Mexico and hold it in subjection
to his own will, seeing that the Republicans of Mexico were still
organized and were continually harrassing the usurpers, the scepter
of this new government was proffered to Maximilian. Not until all but
the four northern provinces were in possession of the French forces
and their Mexican recruits did he accept this uneasy crown. On May
29, 1864, the Emperor and Empress landed at Vera Cruz and on June
12 they made their public entry into the capital amid a brilliant
military and civic display, accompanied by many signs of popular
welcome. Before winter the Imperialists had gained possession of all
the chief places in every State in the so-called empire. However,
the fugitive President of the desperate republic still maintained a
species of guerilla warfare in various places, and the sympathies of
the people of the United States were with them. No sooner was the
great civil war in this country ended than this sympathy began to
make itself felt very sensibly. On Nov. 6, 1865, Secretary Seward
directed the American Minister at Paris to represent to Napoleon
III. that the presence of the French army in Mexico was a “cause of
grave reflection to the government of the United States,” and that
the latter could on no account allow the establishment of an imperial
government, based on foreign aid, in that country, or recognize
there any other than republican institutions. This increased the
unpopularity of the war in France. Napoleon took warning, and in
the summer of 1866 withdrew his forces. Deserted by his European
allies, Maximilian’s empire hastened to a most melancholy end, so
far as himself and the Empress were concerned. Charlotte went to
Europe to enlist aid, but in vain. Her husband’s perilous position,
added to the bitter disappointment and mortification of her failure,
at last dethroned her reason. Maximilian refused to leave with the
last French detachment, though urged to do so. He felt bound in
honor to remain and share the fate of his Mexican supporters. At
the head of 10,000 men he made a brave defense of Queretaro against
the republicans under General Escobedo. On the night of May 14,
1867, the stronghold of his position was betrayed into the hands
of his foes by the Emperor’s most trusted friend, General Lopez.
Even then he refused the opportunity proffered him by his immediate
captor to escape in civilian’s dress, lest it might compromise this
generous foe. Along with Generals Miramon and Mejia, he was tried by
court-martial, and on the 19th of July the three were shot. “Poor
Carlotta,” as she is sorrowfully called, has never fully recovered
her reason, although cared for with the greatest tenderness by her
royal brother.


BOSS COINS OF AMERICA.

  GALESBURG, Ill.

  Our Curiosity Shop has given a list of American silver coins that
  command a high premium; now please give a list of high-price copper
  coins of the United States, and colonial pieces. At least name all
  the “boss” coins, silver and copper.

  NUMISMATIST.

_Answer._—As shown in the table of United States silver coins now
obtainable only at a high premium, which has already been given in
Our Curiosity Shop, the “boss dollar,” the rarest of all, is that
of 1804, price $400 to $500, according to condition; the “boss
half-dollar” is that of 1796, with sixteen stars, price $20 to
$27.50—although that of 1796, with only fifteen stars, and that of
1797, each command nearly the same premium; $20 to $25. The “boss
quarter-dollars” are those of 1823 and 1827, each quoted at $15 to
$25. The “boss dime” is that of 1804, quoted at $4 to $6. The “boss
half-dime” is that of 1802, worth $25 to $40. The “boss cent,” the
rarest of all the cents, is that of 1799, quoted at $4 to $6; a
higher rate of premium even than that of the “boss dollar.” The “boss
half-cent” is that of 1796, worth $5 to $8, or from one thousand to
sixteen hundred per cent more than its face.

The following are the United States cents that are worth 50 cents
apiece and upward:

  Year.     Description.                           Good.    Fine.

  1793—Cent, wreath, stars, and bars on edge      $2.00    $3.50
  1793—Cent, with chain ameri                      2.75     5.00
  1793—Cent, chain, America on the reverse         1.75     3.75
  1793—Cent, clover leaf under bust                1.50     2.50
  1793—Cent, liberty cap, rare                     3.00     6.00
  1793—Cent, dot after date, and legend “Liberty”  3.00     5.00
  1795—Cent, thick planchet, edge lettered           75     1.00
  1799—Cent, the rarest of the cents               4.00     6.00
  1804—Cent, very rare                             3.00     5.00
  1839—Cent, over date of 1836                                75
  1855—Pattern cent, flying eagle, copper            60       70
  1856—Nickel cent, flying eagle                   1.50     2.00
  1858—Nickel cent                                            50
  1873—Two-cent piece                                50       75

Next we give United States half-cents, valued at 50 cents and upward:

  Year.     Description.                           Good.    Fine.

  1793—Half-cent, rare                            $1.75    $2.50
  1793—Half-cent of smaller planchet               1.50     3.00
  1794—Half-cent of several varieties                40       50
  1795—Half-cent, lettered edge                      75     1.00
  1795—Half-cent of thin planchet                    40       60
  1796—Half-cent, the rarest of all                5.00     8.00
  1797—Half-cent, several varieties                  50       75
  1802—Half-cent                                     50       75
  1811—Half-cent                                     60       75
  1831—Half-cent                                   2.50     3.50
  1836—Half-cent                                   2.50     3.50
  1840 to 1848 inclusive—Half-cent                 2.50     3.50
  1849—Half-cent, small date                       2.50     3.50
  1849—Half-cent, large date                         05       10
  1852—Half-cent                                   2.50     3.50

The coins minted by any of the American colonies and now at a high
premium are as follows:

  Year.     Description.                           Good.    Fine.

  1786—Cent, Vermontensium Respublica             $0.40    $0.68
  1786—Cent, Vermonts Respublica                     30       50
  1788—Cent, Nova Cesarea, horse head to left        75     1.25
  1788—Mass. half-cent,                              40       65
  1787—New York “Excelsior” cent                   2.00     3.00
  1783—Chalmer’s Annapolis shilling and sixpence   2.50     3.00
  1652—Oak Tree shilling and sixpence              3.00     4.00
  1852—Pine Tree shilling and sixpence             3.00     4.00
  1722—Rosa American half-cent                       60       75


“A LITTLE BIRD TOLD ME.”

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  A friend says that the saying “A little bird told me so,” is in
  the Bible, but she don’t know where. Is she right? If so, please
  explain it.

  ONE OF YOUR GIRLS.

_Answer._—This mild expression for “I won’t betray my informer,”
is not a literal quotation, but is undoubtedly borrowed from
Ecclesiastes, chapter x, verse 29: “Curse not the King, no, not in
thy thoughts: and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of
the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell
the matter.”


METEORIC STONES.

  WYOMING, Wis.

  When and where did the largest meteoric stone, of which there is
  any record, fall? Please give a description of the meteoric stone
  that fell in Iowa a few years ago.

  WILLIAM YALE.

_Answer._—An immense aerolite, or meteoric stone, fell near
Ægospatami, in Asia Minor, in 467 B. C., which was described by
Pliny as being as large as a wagon. There is a remarkable one in
the Smithsonian Institution, weighing 1,400 pounds, which fell in
Mexico about A. D. 1500. The largest meteoric masses on record were
heard of first by Captain Ross, the Arctic explorer, through some
Esquimaux. These lay on the west coast of Greenland, where they were
subsequently found by the Swedish Exploring Expedition of 1870. One
of them, now in the Royal Museum of Stockholm, weighs over 50,000
pounds, and is the largest specimen known. Two remarkable meteorites
have fallen in Iowa within a few years past. On Feb. 12, 1875, a very
brilliant meteor, in the form of an elongated horseshoe, was seen
throughout a region of at least 400 miles in length and 250 breadth,
lying in Missouri and Iowa. It is described as “without a tail but
having a sort of flowing jacket of flame. Detonations were heard,
so violent as to shake the earth and to jar the windows like the
shock of an earthquake,” as it fell, at about 10:30 o’clock p. m.,
a few miles east of Marengo, Iowa. The ground for a space of some
seven miles in length by two to four miles in breadth was strewn
with fragments of this meteor, varying in weight from a few ounces
to seventy-four pounds; the aggregate of the parts discovered being
about five hundred pounds.

On May 10, 1879, at about 5 o’clock p. m., a large and
extraordinarily luminous meteor exploded with a terrific noise,
followed at slight intervals with less violent detonations, and
struck the earth in the edge of a ravine, near Estherville, Emmet
County, Iowa, penetrating to a depth of fourteen feet. Within two
miles other fragments were found, one of which weighed 170 pounds and
another 32 pounds. The principal mass weighed 431 pounds. All the
discovered parts aggregate about 640 pounds. The one of 170 pounds
is now in the cabinet of the State University of Minnesota. The
composition of this aerolite is peculiar in many respects; but, as in
nearly all aerolites, there is a considerable proportion of iron and
nickel.


A SKELETON IN EVERY CLOSET.

  MADISON, Wis.

  What gave rise to the expression, “There is a skeleton in the
  closet,” and just what does it mean?

  ALICE.

_Answer._—There is an old story that a soldier once wrote to his
mother, who complained of her unhappiness, asking her to get some
sewing done by some one who had no care or trouble. Coming in her
search to one who, she thought, must be content and happy, this lady
took her to a closet containing a human skeleton. “Madam,” said she,
“I try to keep my sorrows to myself, but know that every night I am
compelled by my husband to kiss this skeleton of him who was once his
rival. Think you, then, I can be happy?” The inference is certainly
too clear to need interpretation.


FINANCES OF CONFEDERATE STATES.

  AMES, Iowa.

  What was the amount of the Confederate debt at the close of the
  war? Was their currency a legal tender for all debts? How much did
  they issue? How much, if any, remained in the Confederate treasury
  at the close of the war?

  CASEY AND UNDERHILL.

_Answer._—1. According to the “Rise and Fall of the Confederate
Government,” by Jefferson Davis, the foreign debt of the Confederate
States at the close of the war was £2,200,000, or about $11,000,000.
Besides this, the debt at home, on the books of the Register of the
Treasury on Oct. 1 1864, amounted to $1,147,970,208. Davis estimates
that balances in the hands of absent officers would have reduced the
total public debt to $1,126,381,095, of which $541,340,090 consisted
of funded debt and the balance unfunded debt, or treasury notes. What
further debt was created between Oct. 1, 1864, and the downfall of
the Confederacy in April, 1865, it is not easy to ascertain. Judging
from the expenditure of the six months next preceding Oct. 1, 1864,
the debt must have been increased at least $450,000,000. Davis says:
“The appropriations called for by the different departments for the
six months ending June 30, 1865, amounted to $438,416,504,” which,
taken together with the amount of unexpended appropriations and the
small proportion raised by taxation, confirms our estimate, so that
the total home and foreign debt of the Confederacy at the close of
the war, omitting any claims for advances made by individual States,
must have been about $1,587,000,000. 2. The treasury notes of the
Confederacy were made receivable for all public debts or taxes
except export duty on cotton. The terms of at least one issue, as
given by Mr. Davis, “receivable for all debts or taxes except the
export duty on cotton,” would constitute them a legal tender. 3. In
December, 1863, this currency in circulation in those States amounted
to “more than $600,000,000.” A considerable part of this was funded
in Confederate bonds, but new issues or reissues swelled the amount
again to about the old figures before the war closed. 4. Just how
much specie remained in the hands of the Secretary of the Confederate
Treasury when Johnston surrendered is not known, but it must have
been a trifling sum; for when Jefferson Davis committed the treasury
chest to General Joe Johnston’s safe-keeping, according to that
officer’s statement on pages 408 and 409 of his “Narrative of the
Rebellion,” it contained but $39,000 in silver, a considerable part
of which he took and divided among his troops. The fleeing members of
the Cabinet, no doubt, got away with the most of the gold and foreign
bills.


SAN FRANCISCO TO AUSTRALIA.

  OSCEOLA, Neb.

  Will you please state the distance and rates of fare between San
  Francisco and Sydney? If not too much trouble give the same for
  all the principal ports in the Sandwich Islands, New Zealand, and
  Australia.

  J. M. LOGAN.

_Answer._—The following table gives the distances and rates of fare
for all ports in Sandwich Islands, Australia, and New Zealand touched
at by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company’s steamers:

  Miles.    San Francisco to     Cabin.  Steerage.

  2,100     Honolulu             $75.00   $30.00
  6,050     Auckland             200.00   100.00
  6,625     Wellington           230.00   120.00
  6,795     Lyttleton            235.00   122.50
  7,000     Port Chalmers        240.00   125.00
  7,200     Sydney               200.00   100.00
  7,740     Melbourne            210.00   105.00
  7,650     Brisbane             220.00   110.00
  7,500     Rockhampton          235.00   117.50
  8,245     Adelaide             223.75   117.50
  7,600     Hobart Town          232.00   118.00


THE DEMOCRATIC ROOSTER.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Give the origin of the rooster as a Democratic emblem.

  A READER.

_Answer._—We are indebted to Mr. W. F. Slater, of Hyde Park, for the
following reply to this inquiry: During the Jackson and Van Buren
administrations the party used the hickory pole and broom as a
Democratic emblem of victory. In the memorable campaign of 1840 the
Indianapolis _Sentinel_ (Democratic) was published, with Mr. Nat
Bolton as editor, and George Pattison as assistant. In the town of
Greenfield resided Mr. Chapman, life-long Democrat, and at that time
the postmaster, but no connection with the Chapman that subsequently
published the _Sentinel_. Mr. Chapman wrote a desponding letter to
Pattison, and Pattison, in his answer, endeavored to encourage his
fellow-townsman, and wound up his letter with, “Crow, Chapman, crow!”
The letter fell into Whig hands and was published in the campaign
paper of the Whig party, _The Spirit of 1876_. In 1842 and 1844, when
the Whig party met with defeat, the rooster came into universal use
as the Democratic emblem of victory.


TO CHINA AND JAPAN.

  MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa.

  Please supplement your answer of last week giving distances
  and rates of fare from San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands,
  Australia, and New Zealand, by giving the distances and rates of
  fare to Japan, China, and East India ports.

  IOWAN.

_Answer._—The following table shows the distance, fares in American
gold, etc., per Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company’s vessels,
from San Francisco to points named:

  ———————+————————————————————+————————+——————————+———————
  Miles. | San Francisco to—  | Cabin. | Steer’ge | Chinese
  ———————+————————————————————+————————+——————————+———————
   4,800 | Yokohama, Japan    |$250.00 |  $85.00  | $51.00
   5,100 | Hiogo, Japan       | 268.00 |   75.00  |  58.00
   5,500 | Nagasaki, Japan    | 285.00 |  111.00  |  63.50
   6,000 | Shanghae, China    | 305.00 |  125.00  |  71.00
   6,400 | Hongkong, China    | 300.00 |  100.00  |  51.00
   7,850 | Singapore, India   | 380.00 |          |
   8,250 | Penang, India      | 400.00 |          |
   9,900 | Calcutta, India    | 450.00 |          |
  ———————+————————————————————+————————+——————————+———————

Children under 12 years, one-half rates; under 5 years, one-quarter
rates; under 2 years, free. Servants accompanying their employers,
two-thirds of cabin rate, without regard to age or sex. Round trip
tickets, good for twelve months, 12½ per cent from regular rates.


CORN CROPS OF ILLINOIS AND IOWA.

  AYR, Neb.

  To settle a dispute, please tell which State raises the most
  corn—Illinois or Iowa.

  J. A. SULLIVAN.

_Answer._—Illinois leads all the States in the amount of corn raised.
In 1882 the Illinois crop was 187,336,900 bushels, and the Iowa
crop was 178,487,600 bushels. According to the same authority, the
Statistician of the Agricultural Department, the average annual corn
crop of Illinois for the five years ending with 1879 was 260,230,740
bushels, and that of Iowa was 163,789,120 bushels. The corn crop of
Illinois in 1880, as given in the census, was 325,792,481, and that
of Iowa was 275,024,247 bushels.


BEE-SWARMING.

H. J. Dunlap, Esq., of Champaign, Ill., who has made bee-culture
a study, after a few words of comment on the brief answer given
to “Topsy’s” question on the swarming of bees, published in Our
Curiosity Shop three or four weeks ago, gives us his own views on
this subject as follows:

New brood is hatched early in the season—in case of plentiful stores
before the earliest blossoms—while the first swarm may not leave the
hive until July, or even later; the condition of the honey flowers
in bloom having much to do in determining the time. [In the Southern
States it often leaves in April or May, and in this latitude usually
in May or June.—ED]. The first swarm is composed of old and young
bees indiscriminately, and of drones. In from six to ten days a young
queen is hatched. Sometimes several hatch at the same time, but all
are destroyed except one, the queens engaging in deadly combat in
which one or the other is the victor. The bees destroy the remaining
queen cells as soon as a queen is hatched. In a day or two the virgin
queen flies out to meet the male, or drone, and after copulation
returns to her hive, where she usually remains until the next season,
when she leads out a swarm. In some seasons, when honey is plenty,
she may go out with a swarm, and even third swarms are thrown off,
but such seasons are almost certain to be poor ones for honey, the
swarms becoming so depleted in number that they are unable to avail
themselves of the later blossoms, even if these are well-stored with
honey. The second swarm thrown off will necessarily be composed
mostly of young bees, but the inference that swarming continues so
long as there are young queens to lead them out is erroneous.


DEATHS FROM CONSUMPTION.

  Please tell what States furnished the largest percentage of
  consumptives, according to population, and settle a dispute.

  B. F. FEATHER.

_Answer._—The following table shows the total population of States
reporting the greatest number of deaths from consumption in the last
census year, and the number of deaths per 10,000 inhabitants:

  States.          Population.     Died of      No. per
                                consumption.    10,000.

  New York         5,082,871       12,858         25
  Pennsylvania     4,282,891        8,073         19
  Massachusetts    1,783,085        5,207         30
  Ohio             3,198,062        5,912         18
  Illinois         3,077,871        5,146         16
  Tennessee        1,542,259        3,767         24

This shows that whereas the deaths from consumption in the census
year were 16 for every 10,000 inhabitants in Illinois, they were 25
per 10,000 in New York State, and 30 per 10,000 in Massachusetts,
the highest ratio in the country. Maine stood next with 29 per
10,000, while Rhode Island lost 25, New Hampshire 25, New Jersey 23,
Connecticut 21, California 21, Virginia 20, North Carolina 15, and
Michigan the same as Illinois, 16, while Florida lost not quite 10,
and Minnesota not quite 11 per 10,000.


RAILROAD RELINQUISHMENT TO SETTLERS.

  MELROSE, M. T.

  Two men had a hearing about a claim within the limits of the
  railroad land grant, and the General Land Office decided that
  neither could hold it. One of the parties procured from the
  Northern Pacific Railroad a relinquishment, which was sent to the
  General Land Office, and a patent was issued to this person. Now,
  had the Northern Pacific Railroad the right to relinquish its title
  in this way? Please give the law.

  DAVID EVANS.

_Answer._—By an act of Congress approved June 22, 1874, according to
the statement of “Copps’ American Settler’s Guide,” it is provided
that in the adjustment of all railroad land grants, whether made
directly to any State for railroad purposes, or to any corporation,
if any of the lands granted be found in the possession of an actual
settler, whose entry or filing has been allowed under the pre-emption
or homestead laws subsequent to the time at which, by the decision
of the Land Office, the right of said road was declared to have
attached to such lands, the grantees, upon a proper relinquishment
of the lands so entered or filed for, shall be entitled to select
an equal quantity of other lands in lieu thereof from any of the
public lands not mineral, and within the limits of the grant, not
otherwise appropriated at the date of selection. And any such entries
or filings thus relieved from conflict may be perfected into complete
titles as if such lands had not been granted. Lands so relinquished
are rated at only $1.25 per acre. An inducement is thus offered
to railroad companies to relinquish in favor of the settlers, and
receive other lands in lieu of those surrendered. Not only this, but
when the superior right of the company is ascertained, and it is
found that the claim of the settler is such that it would be admitted
were the railroad claim extinguished, the General Land Office will,
in all practicable cases, direct the attention of the officers of the
company to the fact, and request an explicit answer whether or not
the land will be relinquished. At the same time it is well for the
party interested to seek for himself the relief indicated, by direct
application to the railroad authorities, and thereby aid in securing
a speedy adjustment.


DEATHS FROM ACCIDENT.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  About how many persons die from injuries by railroad collisions and
  other accidents every year? Also, give the number of suicides.

  CRIPPLE.

_Answer._—The total number of deaths due to accidents, violence,
suicide, etc., as reported for the last decennial census, was 35,932,
divided as follows:

  Burns and scalds           4,786
  Exposure and neglect       1,299
  Homicide                   1,336
  Injuries by machinery        120
  Railroad accidents         2,349
  Suffocation                2,339
  Sunstroke                    557
  Drowned                    4,320
  Gunshot                    2,289
  Infanticide                   40
  Suicide by shooting          472
  Suicide by drowning          155
  Suicide by poison            340
  Suicide, other causes      1,550
  Deaths by other injuries  13,980

From the above, it appears that the total number of deaths from
suicide, 2,517, exceeded the total from railroad accidents, and that
the latter amounted to 65 in every 1,000 deaths from accidents and
violence.


SUBMARINE TORPEDOES.

  HARPER, Kan.

  How are torpedoes, for blowing up vessels, constructed and used?

  CHARLES G. BOONE.

_Answer._—There are several kinds of naval torpedoes. They may be
classed, as fixed—submarine mines—and locomotive. Of the first sort
there are two classes, viz., the self-acting and those which must
be exploded by the electric battery operated from the shore or some
other means of direct ignition.

An example of the self-acting sort may be described as follows: Take
a hollow iron cone; fill this in part with gunpowder, say 150 to 250
pounds, but not enough to overcome the buoyancy of the cone. In the
top of this charge of gunpowder bury an iron case containing lime,
and in it a thin glass tube filled with sulphuric acid. Connect
this tube or vial with an iron rod running through the top of the
torpedo cone, up to within a short distance of the surface of the
water. From this upright rod let other rods, called feelers, extend
horizontally in every direction; let the whole be anchored in the
channel to be defended, so that these feelers will be so near to
the surface that passing vessels will be likely to come in contact
with one or more of them; in which case the shock will break the
frail glass tube containing the sulphuric acid, which latter, acting
chemically on the lime, will instantly generate sufficient heat to
explode the charge and destroy the vessel. For a sample of the other
class of fixed torpedoes, imagine a submarine magazine filled with
gunpowder, or—better still for this purpose, gun-cotton, because
water does not injure it—planted in a channel, connected with the
shore by an insulated copper wire attached to a battery. Let a small
piece of wire be soldered to the metal case of the torpedo, and unite
this, in the priming chamber, with the shore wire by a fine piece of
platinum. The moment the operator on shore connects the wire with
the battery the current, meeting the resistance of this contracted
bridge of platinum, heats it to incandescence and explodes the
charge. By planting several parallel lines of such torpedoes across
a channel, at no great distance apart, in such a way that the mines
in one row stand opposite the open spaces in another, it is rendered
extremely hazardous for a hostile vessel to attempt to pass. Of the
locomotive submarine explosives, one of the most formidable is the
Whitehead fish torpedo, the construction of which is more or less a
secret, sold by the inventor to the English, Austrian, and Russian
navies. The shape of the case is, as the name implies, that of a
fish, and it is propelled by a screw driven by compressed air. From a
peculiar carriage on shore, or more frequently on board a vessel, it
is discharged in a direct line for the enemy’s ship, and is exploded
by impact. It is a terribly destructive engine when it happens to
strike, but its aim is uncertain. The American torpedo, of similar
description in many respects, Harvey’s, is believed to be a more
reliable and effective engine.

Finally there is the torpedo used to such good advantage in several
instances during our late war, particularly in the case of the
sinking of the rebel ram Albemarle. It is rigged on the end of a spar
carried in the bow of a launch, and sometimes on outriggers on either
side, and is exploded by contact with the vessel to be destroyed, at
some point several feet below the water-line.


ANCIENT VIRGINIA.

  LA JUNTA, Col.

  What were the original boundaries of Virginia, and how did it get
  its name?

  J. P. GRANGER.

_Answer._—There is no good ground for dispute over the question as
to how Virginia got its name. This name was given by Queen Elizabeth
at the request of Sir Walter Raleigh to the region discovered in
1584 by persons sent out by him. It was applied to what is now North
Carolina, and was extended, with the progress of exploration, over
the country northward as far as the present city of Bangor, Me.,
or to the 45th degree of north latitude, and southward to the 34th
parallel. One colony after another was carved out of the original
Virginia until it was reduced to the boundaries it had at the
time of the Revolutionary war. It claimed jurisdiction over all
the Northwest territory by virtue of its first charter, made to
the London company, and by conquest from Great Britain during the
war; but it ceded all its rights to the Federal Government in 1787,
reserving only 3,709,848 acres to reward Virginia troops.


AMERICAN TREATIES WITH CHINA.

  CHEBANSE, Ill.

  How long before the passage of our infamous anti-Chinese
  immigration law was it that our government forced its way into
  China at the cannon’s mouth?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The first American treaty with China was made at Wang-hia,
a suburb of Macao, July 3, 1844, by the Hon. Caleb Cushing, Minister
Plenipotentiary for the United States, and Commissioner Ki-ying,
on the part of the Chinese. It was soon after the close of the
Anglo-Chinese war known as the “Opium war,” because it grew out
of the persistent smuggling of opium into China by the East India
Company, and resulted in the agreement of the Chinese Government to
admit opium as an article of legitimate commerce. It also resulted
in the opening of five ports to English trade. Thus the forcing of
the Chinese “at the cannon’s mouth” was done by the English, against
a sincere desire of the former both to keep out opium and to have
nothing more to do with Europeans that they could possibly help. The
negotiations between Mr. Cushing and Ki-ying were amicable and highly
creditable to both nations from first to last. Strange to say, to the
utter astonishment of the English, Mr. Cushing, with the arguments
of reason only, gained many important concessions not contained in
the British treaty, besides all that was conceded in that instrument.
The next treaty between the United States and China was signed at
Tientsin, China, June 15, 1858. It contained a number of important
additional concessions, all obtained without any violence or serious
warlike demonstration on the part of our own government, but
coincident with the English and French treaties extorted from the
Chinese by the bloody war that had been waged for the two preceding
years. Had not the English and French waged that war it is quite
certain that neither they nor the Americans would have gained any new
concessions, and they might have had to yield some of those granted
in the old treaties. But having been forced to make concessions to
their hated foes, it must be said that the Chinese Government yielded
to Americans equal rights and privileges in a manner which showed
plainly that they had no desire to withhold anything from a friendly
power which they had granted to their enemies. The first article of
the treaty recites, among other things: “There shall be, as there
always has been, peace and friendship between the United States and
the Ta-Tsing (Chinese) Empire, and between their people respectively.
They shall not insult or oppress each other,” etc. The next, known
as the Burlingame treaty, was negotiated at Washington and ratified
by the United States Senate July 16, 1868, when Mr. Anson Burlingame
was here at the head of the first Chinese Embassy to this country.
It was negotiated on the highest plane of American statesmanship,
and breathes throughout the spirit of true republicanism, the spirit
of the highest Christian civilization. It is sad to think that it
was too high for the majority of our politicians to stand on, and
has been lowered and narrowed to accommodate them in the present
treaty, negotiated in 1880, at the dictation of Denis Kearney and the
Sinophobists of California.


CATTLE IN UNITED STATES.

  ELLSWORTH, Kan.

  Will you please tell how many cattle there were in the United
  States, according to the last census; also, the number for four
  years past?

  WM. ASHMEAD.

_Answer._—The census gives the number of working oxen in the United
States in 1880 as 993,841; the milch cows as 12,443,120; other
cattle as 22,488,550; total, 35,925,511. The Statistician of the
Agricultural Department gives the numbers for the past four years as
shown below:

    Jan. 1, 1879—
  Milch cows               11,826,400
  Oxen and other cattle    21,408,100

    Jan. 1, 1880—
  Milch cows               12,027,000
  Oxen and other cattle    21,231,000

    Jan. 1, 1881—
  Milch cows               12,368,653
  Oxen and other cattle    20,937,702

    Jan. 1, 1882—
  Milch cows               12,611,632
  Oxen and other cattle    23,280,238


THE GERMAN PATRIOT, BLUM.

  MAZOMANIE, Wis.

  Tell us something of Robert Blum, the German statesman, who was
  shot in Vienna in 1848.

  CARL FEHLANDT.

_Answer._—He was born at Cologne in 1807. He was well educated,
served for a time in the army, which he left in 1830 to connect
himself with the theater at Cologne, of which he became in time a
director. Much of his time was given to literature and politics. In
the latter he espoused the cause of liberalism. This was particularly
the case after he moved to Leipsic, where he was first a director of
the theater, then a bookseller and publisher. Here he founded the
Schiller Society of Leipsic, was connected with the German Catholic
movement, and was finally elected Vice President of the Provisional
Assembly at Frankfort in 1848. In the National Assembly he became
leader of the Left, or Radicals. He joined the popular movement in
1848, took a prominent part in the insurrection that broke out at
Vienna at the time of the struggle for Hungarian independence, headed
by Kossuth, and, being arrested, he was summarily shot, Nov. 9, 1848.


SIR JOHN FRANKLIN’S LAST RECORD.

  CHEBANSE, Ill.

  When, where, and by whom was the cairn discovered in which was the
  last record of Dr. John Franklin?

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The cairn containing the written record left by the
Franklin exploring party was discovered at Point Victory on the coast
of King William’s Island. This discovery was made in 1859 (fourteen
years after Franklin’s death), by Lieutenant Hobson of the British
yacht Fox, purchased and fitted out by Lady Franklin, and commanded
by Captain Leopold McClintock. The principal facts stated in the
record are that her Majesty’s ships Terror and Erebus spent the
winter of 1845-6 at Beechey Island, off the southwest coast of North
Devon, having ascended Wellington Channel to latitude 77 deg., and
returned by the west side of Cornwallis Island. Lieutenant Gore and
Charles F. De Voeux had left the ships with six men, on an exploring
expedition, May 24, 1847, and on the 28th left this written statement
of their journeyings. Franklin had sailed westward to longitude 98
deg., then up Wellington Channel—the course specially commended to
him, but upon trying to reach the American coast he was prevented
by the masses of ice sweeping southward through McClintock Channel.
The record concludes with these words, in the handwriting of Captain
Fitz James: “April 25, 1848—H. M. ships Terror and Erebus were
deserted on 22d April, five leagues n. n. w. of this, having been
beset since 12th September, 1846. The officers and crews, consisting
of 105 souls, under the command of Captain F. R. M. Crozier, landed
here in lat. 69 deg. 37 min. 42 sec. n., long. 98 deg. 41 min. w.
Sir John Franklin died on the 11th June, 1847; and the total loss
by deaths in the expedition has been to this date 9 officers and
15 men.” Captain Crozier added the important statement: “We shall
start on to-morrow, 26th April, 1848, for Back’s Fish River.” This
record proved the identity of Sir John Franklin’s party with a party
seen by the Esquimaux pressing southward along Fish River to reach
the settlements of the Hudson Bay Company. Later many skeletons
were found on the south and west coasts of King William’s Island.
It is certain, according to the recent reports of Captain Hall and
Lieutenant Schwatka, that all of the party perished from hunger and
exposure.


STEPHEN GIRARD.

James White, Fairfield, Pa.—Stephen Girard was born near Bordeaux,
France, May 24, 1750; took to a seafaring life, became master of a
sailing vessel, then owner of several ships in the American coasting
and West India trade, in which business he amassed a fortune, the
greater part of which was left to found and endow Girard College
for Orphans, near Philadelphia, and other charitable institutions.
He was regarded, at the time of his death, as the wealthiest man in
the United States, although, compared with the money kings of the
present time, he had but a moderate fortune, probably not to exceed
$9,000,000. No one knows what William H. Vanderbilt or Jay Gould is
worth, but it is safe to say that it is not less in either case than
$150,000,000, and some say more than $200,000,000.


ELEVATION OF WESTERN SIGNAL STATIONS.

  FAIRMOUNT, Ill.

  Please give in Our Curiosity Shop the elevation above sea level of
  Huron, D.T., St. Paul, Minn., Madison, Wis., and Chicago.

  E. HALLADAY.

_Answer._—The best we can do is to give the elevations of the
barometers of the United States Signal Service above sea-level at
the several points specified, as computed for that service. That
these are not certainly exact is admitted by the Chief of the Signal
Service, who says, on page 1,178 of his report for 1881: “When the
elevations of these planes above mean sea-level have been determined
by the Coast and Geodetic Survey, it is expected that we shall be
able to greatly improve on the elevations at present adopted.” The
Signal Service barometer at Huron, D. T., stands at 1,300 feet above
mean sea-level—marked (?) or doubtful. The barometer at St. Paul is
810.9 feet, at Madison 949.2 feet, at Chicago 660.9 feet, above sea
level. The elevation of these barometers above the ground varies
between thirty and seventy-five feet. As to your other question you
are mistaken; Huron still appears in the “Weather Reports” printed in
The Inter Ocean.


VALUES OF FOREIGN COINS.

  HOUGHTON, Mich.

  Can you not oblige us with a list of foreign coins and their values
  in this country?

  WILLIAM J. WREN.

_Answer._—The following table gives a list of foreign coins and their
values, as proclaimed by the United States Treasury Department for
the guidance of Custom House officers:

  Countries.       Standard monetary unit.                Value in
                                                         U. S. cur.

  Austria          Florin, silver                          .40.6

  Belgium          Franc, gold and silver                  .19.3
                     5,10, and 20 franc coins.

  Bolivia          Boliviano, silver                       .82.3

  Brazil           Milris of 1,000 reis, gold              .54.5

  Canada           Dollar, gold                           1.00

  Central America  Peso, silver                            .83.6

  Chili            Peso, gold                              .91.2
                     Condor, doubloon, and escudo.

  Denmark          Crown, gold                             .26.8
                     10 and 20 crown pieces.

  Ecqaudor         Peso, silver                            .82.3

  Egypt            Pound of 100 piasters, gold            4.97.4
                     5, 10, 25, and 50 piastres.

  France           Franc, gold and silver                  .19.3
                     5, 10, and 20 franc pieces.

  Great Britain    Pound sterling, gold                   4.86.6½
                     Sovereign and half sovereign.

  Greece           Drachma, gold and silver                .19.3
                     5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 drachmas.

  German Empire    Mark, gold                              .23.8
                     5, 10, and 20 marks.

  India            Rupee of 16 annas, silver               .39.7

  Italy            Lira, gold and silver                   .19.3
                     5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 lire.

  Japan            Yen, gold and silver                    .99.7
                     1, 2, 3, 10, and 20 yen.

  Liberia          Dollar, gold                           1.00.

  Mexico           Dollar, or peso, silver                 .89.4
                     Dollar, 5, 10, 25, and 50 centavo.

  Netherlands      Florin, gold and silver                 .40.2

  Norway           Crown, gold                             .26.8
                     10 and 20 crowns.

  Peru             Sol, silver                             .83.6

  Portugal         Milreis, 1,000 reis, gold              1.08.
                     2, 5, and 10 milreis.

  Russia           Ruble of 100 copecks, silver            .66.9
                     Ruble, ¼, and ½ rouble.

  Sandwich Islands Dollar, gold                           1.00.

  Spain            Peseta of 100 centimes gold and silver  .19.3
                     5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 pesetas.

  Sweden           Crown, gold                             .26.8

  Switzerland      Franc, gold and silver                  .19.3
                     5, 10, and 20 francs.

  Tripoli          Mahbub. 20 piasters, silver             .74.3

  Turkey           Piaster, gold                           .04.4
                     25, 50, 100, 250, and 500 piasters.

  United States    Peso, silver                            .83.6
    of Colombia


THE SOUTH AND PROTECTIVE TARIFF.

  JONESBORO, Ark.

  How is the South, and, particularly, how are Southern farmers,
  benefited by the tariff?

  S. W. MOREHEAD.

_Answer._—Just as other American farmers are. First, by escaping
direct taxation for the support of the General Government, a form
of taxation that always bears on farmers and the other industrial
classes heavily, as illustrated in direct taxation for State and
county purposes. The Southern politicians who framed the Constitution
of the Southern Confederacy, a majority of them, ignored the
protectionist policy of Washington, Madison, Clay, Lowndes, Bell,
and other Southern statesmen of different political parties, and, as
Jefferson Davis puts it, in his “Rise and Fall of the Confederacy,”
“protective duties for the benefit of special branches of industry
were altogether prohibited.” A tariff for revenue only, export
duties, and direct taxation were relied on to supply the exchequer of
the Confederacy. What does Mr. Davis say of the result as regards the
last of these sources? On page 495 of Volume I. he writes: “Within
six months after the passage of the war tax of Aug. 19, 1861, the
popular aversion to internal taxation by the General Government
had so influenced the legislation of the several States that only
in South Carolina, Mississippi, and Texas were the taxes actually
collected from the people. The quotas of the remaining States had
been raised by the issue of bonds and State Treasury notes. The
public debt of the country was thus actually increased instead of
being diminished by the taxation imposed by Congress.” Where did
most of the money come from that was raised by the Confederacy? Off
the agricultural products of the South. As to the foreign loan,
Davis says: “Each bond, at the option of the holder, was convertible
at its nominal amount into cotton at the rate of sixpence sterling
for each pound of cotton—say 4,000 pounds of cotton for each bond
of a hundred pounds sterling.” The farmer was paid for the cotton
in Confederate currency or bonds, as a rule, and any other cotton
exported from the country was compelled to pay an export duty to
help pay the interest on the foreign bonds. But not only does the
policy of American protection tend to keep the amount raised by
direct taxation down to a minimum (as now, when, except the internal
revenue tax on whisky and tobacco, nearly the entire revenue of the
Federal Government is collected off of imports), but it levies the
tariff mainly on such articles as can be produced in this country,
so compelling consumers of Southern cotton, sugar, rice, tobacco,
etc., to pay better prices for these articles, or foreign competitors
to reduce their profits when selling to American consumers; while
it admits, coffee, tea, and other home necessities that we cannot
produce, free of duty. It lays a duty on iron and other ores, and so
encourages the Tennessee, Georgia, and Alabama miner to delve for the
wealth beneath his feet. It taxes cotton goods, and so holds out an
extra inducement over all that nature has done to encourage the South
to erect cotton factories. The same is true in a thousand other lines
of manufacture. In general, it attracts capital into the South to
engage in mining and manufacturing; it keeps money at home; it builds
up home markets; it develops natural resources; it quickens the
inventive genius of the nation, and it diversifies industries, and
so provides occupations adapted to the various talents of different
persons. This last is what the South needs more, in proportion,
than any other section of the Union. Diversity of occupation, like
diversity of crops, is essential to the realization of the best
results. In many cases the most expert mechanics would make inferior
farmers. The girl who “loves dearly to attend cotton-looms” (as a
female operative in the weaving department of the Southern Exposition
at Louisville lately exclaimed) would not stay on a farm. Diversity
of industry affords opportunity for every worker to make the most
of his abilities. It is the safety-valve of labor, which prevents
any one occupation from being overgorged with laborers. It is the
great equalizer of wages. The South is only beginning to realize the
importance of home manufactures. Georgia is alive to this matter; so
are some portions of Kentucky. Other Southern States are awakening to
it. If it be true that in some parts of the North the manufacturers
are strong enough to stand without protection, it is not yet true of
the same industries in the South, and the latter should demand that
the tariff be maintained until she has acquired like strength. She
has the cotton, iron, sugar, cheaper labor, and on account of the
climate it costs the laborers less to live there than in the North.
Why should she not rival France, of similar climate, in manufactures?
Capitalists are asking “why not;” and capital is pouring into the
South faster than ever before. It would be suicidal to drive this
capital back. The South will be stupid if she exerts herself to keep
her children shut up to agricultural pursuits and continues to spend
more than half the value of her surplus products in sending them to
market and bringing them back in a manufactured condition (as she
always has done) instead of manufacturing them at home.


I AM DYING, EGYPT, DYING.

  EVANSTON, Ill.

  Who was the author of the touching poem commencing, “I am dying,
  Egypt, dying?” It is said that he was an army officer.

  J. H.

_Answer._—It was William Haines Lytle, who was born in Cincinnati,
Ohio, in 1826. He belonged to a cluster of brilliant young writers
whose early ambition was to build up a school of Western literature,
but who were drawn into the whirl of more active life, which left
little time for courting the muses. On the breaking out of the late
war he went into the army, serving as a Colonel in Western Virginia
in 1861. He was wounded at Perryville, Ky., in October, 1862, was
promoted for gallant services, and, finally, was killed at the
battle of Chickamauga, Sept. 20, 1863. He was greatly beloved by his
fellow officers for his noble social qualities as well as for his
martial bearing; and nothing could be more unjust, according to the
testimony of those who knew him well, than the story recently started
by a flippant penny-a-liner, that he wrote the poem above referred
to, properly entitled “The Death of Mark Antony,” on the walls of
a guard-house in St. Louis, in which he was held under arrest over
night for disorderly conduct on his way home from the theater, where
he had seen Booth in Shakespeare’s great drama of “Antony and
Cleopatra.” That the poem was suggested to him by witnessing Booth’s
representation of this play is probably true: and it is asserted
by some that he had written it, in part at least, some time before
the eve of his death, but the following version of the peculiar
circumstances under which this greatly admired lyric was completed
and transmitted to the world corresponds with the traditions of the
army, and is probably true. John M. Balthes, of Clifton, Ill., who
was once a fellow-townsman of General Lytle, at Zanesville, Ohio,
writing to a fellow-soldier of that gallant officer, says:

“I send you the following beautiful lines, written by him in the
middle of the night, just before the next day’s battle, in which he
lost his life. The General being strongly impressed, or having a
premonition that he should lose his life in the battle that was so
soon to open, sat absorbed and alone in his tent, when an officer
coming in admonished him that he needed rest before the serious
business planned for the next day. Thereupon General Lytle handed him
these verses, remarking that they would be the last he should ever
write.” This poem was published in THE SUNDAY INTER OCEAN of Oct.
7, almost precisely as given by Mr. Balthes, and as it appears in
“Famous Single and Fugitive Poems,” by Rossiter Johnson.


SPECIAL PARTNERS—CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.

A. D. Bird, Tecumseh, Neb.—1. In limited partnerships the special
partner’s liability for the indebtedness of the firm is limited to
their total interest in the firm, whereas the other partners are
each liable for the whole indebtedness of the firm. In corporations
“limited” stockholders are liable only to the total amount of their
stock, or some specific amount over that. For a fuller answer see
page 87 of Curiosity Shop for 1882, in book form. 2. The twelfth
amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which terminated
the old rule that the candidate receiving the greatest number of
votes for President should be President, and the one receiving the
next greatest number for President should be Vice President, and
requiring electors to name in their ballots the person voted for as
President, and, in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice
President, was adopted in 1804.


SILK FROM OSAGE-ORANGE LEAVES.

  GALESBURG, Ill.

  Will silk-worms fed with the leaves of the Osage orange thrive as
  well and produce as fine a quality of silk as if fed on the leaves
  of the white mulberry?

  FARMER’S WIFE.

_Answer._—They seem to thrive well, and they produce fine-looking
cocoons; but as to the value of these latter compared with those
produced from mulberry leaves, it is not yet time to speak
positively. The strength, fineness, and other elements of value have
not been fully tested and pronounced upon by experts. Miss Nellie
Lincoln Rossiter, of Philadelphia, who has written a little hand-book
on the raising of silk-worms, says that there is no _apparent_
difference between the silk crops from morette, a species of white
mulberry, and Osage orange leaves. It would be well for persons
interested in this question to correspond with the Woman’s National
Silk Association of Philadelphia. An interesting experiment in
raising silk-worms has been successfully carried on the past season
by the Misses Sarah Dewey and Alice Coykendall, at Canton, Ill.
They procured the eggs from Philadelphia, with instructions for the
management of them, and an exchange says: “They now have 3,500 worms
in all stages of development, from those just hatched to those which
have their cocoons fully formed. They are kept in an upstairs room
on perforated paper, over which fresh leaves of the Osage orange are
spread each morning. The ladies are enthusiastic over their success,
which certainly seems assured. They will be able to find a ready
market for their cocoons at Philadelphia at remunerative prices.”


AMERICAN KNIGHTS—SONS OF LIBERTY.

  MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.

  Give some of the facts as to the origin and acts of the disloyal
  orders known during the war for the Union as “American Knights,”
  “Sons of Liberty,” etc.; and of the trial of Dodd for conspiring
  against the government.

  JAS. BREWSTER.

_Answer._—The treasonable organization known during the late war, at
one time as the “Mutual Protection Society,” again as the “Circle of
Honor,” or the “Circle,” or “Knights of the Mighty Host,” but more
widely as “Knights of the Golden Circle,” first developed itself
in the West in 1862, about the time of the first conscription, or
draft of troops, which it was designed to obstruct and resist. An
association under the last of these names had existed for some
years at the South being one of the chief means used to foment the
rebellion before the outbreak. Because of some exposures of the
signs, rituals, etc., of the Knights of the Golden Circle, Sterling
Price, the Confederate general, had instituted as its successor in
Missouri a secret political order, known as the “Corps de Belgique,”
in honor of his chief coadjutor, Charles L. Hunt then Belgian Consul
at St. Louis. Its special object was to beat up recruits for Price
and otherwise co-operate with him in his design of overrunning
Missouri. This was afterward merged into another secret order,
called the “Order of American Knights,” commonly known as the “O.
A. K.,” organized in the autumn of 1863 by Clement L. Vallandigham,
of Ohio, and P. C. Wright, of New York. It is believed that it was
founded by Vallandigham in consultation with Jefferson Davis and
other arch-rebels at Richmond, during his banishment within the rebel
lines. At least, members of the order in Indiana boasted that the
ritual was prepared by Davis himself, and Mary Ann Pitman, at one
time attached to General Forrest’s command as a rebel spy, declared
that Davis was a member of the order. In Indiana, in May, 1864, owing
to the names of some of the leaders and the signs and passwords of
the order having got into the possession of the Federal authorities,
its name was finally changed to the “Order of the Sons of Liberty,”
or “Knights of the Order of the Sons of Liberty,” and a ritual
was instituted. These soon became general. Local branches of the
organization used other names outside their lodges, such as “Peace
Organization” in Illinois, “Star Organization” in Kentucky, “American
Organization” in Missouri, “McClellan Minute Men” in New York,
“Democratic Invincible Club” in Chicago, “Democratic Reading-room” in
Louisville, and so on.

This order had a Supreme Council for the United States at large, of
which the chief officers were a Supreme Commander, a Secretary and
a Treasurer. There was a Grand Council for each State, whose chief
officers were a Grand Commander, a Deputy Grand Commander, a Grand
Secretary, and a Grand Treasurer, and a certain number of Major
Generals, one for each of its “military districts.” There was also a
“Parent Temple” in each county and subordinate temples in townships.
The constitution of the order declared that “the Supreme Commander
shall be Commander-in-chief of all military forces belonging to
the order in the various States, when called into actual service.”
There were four Major Generals in Indiana, each commanding “a
military district and its army.” In Illinois, where its organization
was at one time very complete, the members in each Congressional
district constituted a brigade, under a “Brigadier General.” Those
of each county a “regiment,” commanded by a “Colonel,” and those
of each township a “company.” In Indiana companies were subdivided
into “squads.” The McClellan Minute Men of New York were similarly
organized.

The first Supreme Commander was P. C. Wright, editor of the New York
_News_, who was subsequently incarcerated in Fort Lafayette, New York
harbor, when he was succeeded by Vallandigham. Robert Holloway, of
Illinois, is said to have acted as Supreme Commander in the latter’s
absence in Canada. Charles L. Hunt, Grand Commander for Missouri,
Charles E. Dunn, Deputy Grand Commander, and Green B. Smith,
Secretary, being placed under arrest, divulged facts confirmatory
of the above. H. H. Dodd, the Grand Commander for Indiana, was
arrested and tried at Indianapolis before a military commission
“for conspiring against the government,” “violations of the laws of
war,” and other charges. He was finally turned over to the civil
authorities and liberated.

Vallandigham declared in a speech at Dayton, Ohio, in the summer of
1863, that the order numbered 500,000 men; others claimed 800,000,
and some still more. Statements of its officers at different times,
represented its numbers in Indiana as 75,000 to 125,000; in Illinois
as 100,000 to 140,000; in Ohio as 80,000 to 108,000; in Michigan
and New York as about 20,000 each, and so on. In March, 1864, it
was represented that the total force capable of being mobilized for
effective service was 340,000. Green B. Smith and other witnesses
testified to having purchased and shipped arms to various points
to arm the order. Another witness, once a member of the order
in Indiana, testified that there were 6,000 muskets and 60,000
revolvers, besides private arms in possession of the order in that
State.

The members were bound by the most rigorous oaths. Its “declaration
of principles” declared that it was the imperative duty of its
members to resist the functionaries of the Federal Government,
“and, if need be, expel them by force of arms.” The witnesses,
former members, testified that the duties of members were: 1. To aid
soldiers to desert and harbor and protect them. 2. To discourage
enlistments and resist the draft. 3. To circulate disloyal and
treasonable publications. 4. To communicate and give assistance to
the enemy. 5. To recruit for the Confederate army. 6. To furnish the
rebels with arms and ammunition. 7. To co-operate with the enemy
in raids and invasions. 8. To harass loyal men and destroy their
property when so ordered to do. 9. To assassinate officers of the
government when so directed to do. 10. To establish a Northwestern
Confederacy.

The above statements are compiled from the reports of the Hon.
J. Holt, Judge Advocate General, to Secretary Stanton on “Secret
Societies,” and other State papers. Unusual space has been given
to this question because it has been asked repeatedly, and our
attention is called to the fact that it is not treated in the popular
cyclopedias and histories.


CHIEF CITIES OF FRANCE AND ENGLAND.

  RUSHVILLE, Ill.

  What is the population of each of the principal cities of France?

  JAMES P. CLARKE.

_Answer._—The population of each of the principal cities of France
and England in 1881 is given in the “Statesman’s Year Book” as in the
table below:

  Paris            2,269,023
  Lyons              376,613
  Marseilles         360,099
  Bordeaux           221,305
  Lille              178,144
  Toulouse           140,289
  Nantes             124,319
  St. Etienne        123,813
  Rouen              105,906
  Le Havre           105,867
  Rheims              93,823
  Roubaix             91,757
  Amiens              74,170
  Nancy               73,255
  Toulon              70,103
  Angers              68,041
  Nice                66,279
  Brest               66,110
  Limoges             63,765
  Nimes               63,552

  London       [12]4,764,312
  Glasgow        [13]647,095
  Liverpool          552,425
  Dublin         [14]418,152
  Birmingham         400,757
  Manchester         393,676
  Leeds              309,126
  Sheffield          284,410
  Edinburgh          236,002
  Bristol            206,503
  Bradford           180,459
  Salford            176,223
  Wolverhampton      164,303
  Hull               161,519
  Oldham             152,511
  Newcastle-on-Tyne  145,228
  Dundee             140,239
  Brighton           128,407
  Portsmouth         127,953


LIQUID GLUE AND CHINESE CEMENT.

  BLACK OAK, Mo.

  Please tell us how to make “Spaulding’s prepared glue” or some
  substitute for it.

  D. P. STUBLEFIELD.

_Answer._—The formula for making Spaulding’s prepared glue is not
available. The following (Dumoulin’s) is quite as good: Take soft
water, 1 quart; best pale glue, 2 pounds; dissolve in a covered
vessel by the heat of a water bath or in a vessel immersed in
boiling water; cool, and add, gradually, of nitric acid (specific
gravity 1.335) 7 ounces; when cold put it into bottles. It is very
strong and does not gelatinize.

The following formula, known as “Chinese cement,” produces a cement
for porcelain, glass, fancy work, jewelry, etc., so strong that wood
or porcelain can be joined together so firmly that they will break
anywhere else rather than where cemented: Take of finest pale orange
shell-lac (broken small) 4 ounces; strongest rectified spirits 3
ounces, and digest them together in a corked bottle in a warm place
until dissolved. It should have about the consistence of molasses.


THE MAN OF ROSS.

  GREENVILLE, Ill.

  Who was the “Man of Ross?”

  IDA E. WHITE.

_Answer._—The “Man of Ross” is a title given to John Kyrle, of Ross
parish, Hereford County, Eng., because of his remarkable spirit of
enterprise and great benevolence. Although only an untitled, private
gentleman of moderate fortune, he did far more for the good of his
community than many a wealthy lord of the manor. Pope appreciated the
true nobility of Kyrle, and has done full honor to him in the third
epistle of his “Moral Essays,” “On the Use of Riches.” Coleridge,
too, has paid a beautiful tribute to his memory in the lines:

    “Richer than miser o’er his countless hoards,
    Nobler than kings or kings’ polluted lords,
    Here dwelt the Man of Ross. O, traveler, hear!
    Departed merit claims a reverent tear.”


EASTERN CENTRAL ARKANSAS.

  CLARENDON, Ark.

Seeing an Inquirer, in the Curiosity Shop, asks information in regard
to Arkansas, I will say that the Eastern Central portion of the State
is nearly level, and very fertile. All fruits, vegetables, cereals,
tobacco, cotton, sorghum, sweet potatoes—in fact anything one may
plant—gives large returns. Owing to this locality lying in the great
cotton belt, and to the large quantities of cotton produced, the
usual price per bushel of Indian corn is $1; oats, 90c, and oats will
yield from forty to sixty bushels per acre, with the rude implements
and tillage here in vogue—a one-horse cast-iron plow, and a small
tree top for a harrow. After oats and wheat are harvested the same
land is frequently planted in corn, or sown with millet, or Hungarian
grass, thus producing two crops a year. Land here is cheap, water is
soft and pure, and timber abundant. The rivers abound in fish, and
the immense forests in game. I came from Indiana. I have lived here
twelve years. Have never seen a case of consumption in the State.

  DR. H. C. YOUNG,
  Formerly Surgeon U. S. N.


PSEUDONYMS OF AUTHORS.

  AUBURN, Ill.

  I should like to have a list of the noms de plume of modern authors
  of reputation.

  CHARLES HERSHMAN.

_Answer._—The following is as long a list as there is room for here;
although it contains but a small proportion of the over 5,000
pseudonyms known to literature:

  Pseudonyms and real names.                        Born.   Died.

  Algernon Sidney—Gideon Granger                     1767    1822
  Amy Lothrop—Miss Anna B. Warner                    1825
  An American Girl Abroad—Miss Trafton
  Artemus Ward—Charles F. Browne                     1836    1867
  Barney Cornwall—Bryan Waller Procter               1790
  Boz—Charles Dickens                                1812    1870
  Christopher Crowfield—Mrs. H. B. Stowe             1812
  Chrystal Croftangry—Sir W. Scott                   1771    1832
  C. L. I. O. (Clio)—Joseph Addison                  1672    1719
  Cornelius O’Dowd—Chas. Jas. Lever                  1806    1872
  Country Parson—The Rev. A. K. H. Boyd              1825
  Currer Bell—Charlotte Bronte (Mrs. Nichols)        1815    1855
  Diedrich Knickerbocker—Washington Irving           1783    1859
  E. D. E. N—Mrs. Emma D. E. (Nevette) Southworth    1818
  Edward Search (2)—Abraham Tucker                   1705    1774
  Edward Search (1)—Wm. Hazlitt                      1778    1830
  Elia—Chas. Lamb                                    1775    1834
  Eli Perkins—Matthew D. Landon
  Elizabeth Wetherell—Susan Warner                   1818
  Ellis Bell—Emily Bronte                            1819    1848
  Ettrick Shepherd—James Hogg                        1772    1835
  Fanny Fern—Sarah Parton                            1811    1872
  Father Prout—Francis Mahony                        1805    1866
  Figaro—Mariano Jose de Larra                       1809    1837
  Gail Hamilton—Miss Abigail Hamilton Dodge          1838
  Gamaliel Smith—Jeremy Bentham                      1748    1832
  Gath—George Alfred Townsend                        1833
  Geoffrey Crayon—Washington Irving                  1783    1859
  George Eliot—Mrs. Mary Ann (Evans) Lewes Cross     1820    1880
  George Fitzdoodle—Wm. Makepeace Thackeray          1811    1863
  Georges Sand—Mme. Dudevant                         1804    1876
  Grace Greenwood—Mrs. Sara J. Lippincott            1825
  Horace Hornem—George Gordon, Lord Byron            1788    1824
  Hosea Biglow—James R. Lowell                       1819
  Ik Marvel—Donald Grant Mitchell                    1822
  Jean Paul—Jean Paul F. Richter                     1763    1825
  Jedediah Cleishbotham—Sir W. Scott                 1771    1832
  Jennie June—Mrs. J. C. Croly                       1840
  John Chalkhill—Izaak Walton                        1593    1683
  Jonathan Oldstyle—Washington Irving                1783    1859
  Josh Billings—Henry W. Shaw                        1818
  Joshua Coffin—Henry W. Longfellow                  1807    1881
  Junius—Probably Sir Philip Francis                 1740    1818
  Laertes—G. A. Townsend                             1833
  Launcelot Langstaff—Washington Irving              1783    1859
  Launcelot Langstaff—William Irving                 1766    1821
  Launcelot Langstaff—Jas. Kirke Paulding            1779    1860
  L. E. L.—Letitia Elizabeth Landon                  1802    1839
  Little Thomas—Thomas Moore                         1779    1852
  Luise Muhlbach—Mme. Clara Mundt                    1814    1873
  Malachi—Sir W. Scott                               1771    1832
  Malachi Malagrowther—Sir W. Scott                  1771    1832
  Malakoff—Samuel Johnson, LL. D.                    1709    1784
  Marion Harland—Mary V. (Hawes) Terhune             1835
  Mark Twain—Samuel L. Clemens                       1835
  M. Quad—Chas. B. Lewis
  Mrs. Partington—B. P. Shillaber                    1814
  Old Bachelor—George W. Curtis                      1824
  Oliver Optic—William Taylor Adams                  1822
  Owen Meredith—Edward R. Bulwer, Lord Lytton        1831
  Paul Creyton—John T. Trowbridge                    1817
  Parson Lot—The Rev. Charles Kingsley               1819
  Saxe Holm—Miss Rush Ellis                          1858
  Theophilus South—Edward Chitty                     1807
  Timothy Titcomb—J. G. Holland                      1819    1881


CHICAGO NEWSPAPER CIRCULATION.

  AURORA, Ill.

  To settle a dispute, state which of the Chicago newspapers has the
  largest circulation.

  CONOVER.

_Answer._—The only criterion of newspaper circulation which there
is absolutely no means of successfully disputing is the amount of
postage paid on papers sent to actual subscribers. Below is given the
amounts of postage paid on such circulation by each of the Chicago
newspapers here named during the fiscal year ending June, 30, 1882:

  THE INTER OCEAN  $19,609.30
  The _News_             7,289.14
  The _Times_            6,581.10
  The _Tribune_          5,644.54
  The _Herald_           1,443.68

For circulation of papers outside of the mails there is nothing that
can be regarded as an impartial standard of comparison; nothing which
affords the reading and advertising public such unequivocal testimony
as the above, but every intelligent person will naturally conclude
that the proportions of circulation through the mails and outside of
the mails will not differ very greatly.


TO POLISH SEA-SHELLS.

  CRESTON, Iowa.

  Please inform us through Our Curiosity Shop how to polish
  sea-shells and prepare them for sale.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—According to Cooley, one of the highest authorities on
processes employed in the arts and manufactures, the surfaces of
certain shells which have a natural polish should be first cleansed
by rubbing with a rag dipped in hydrochloric acid (obtainable at any
drug store) till the dull outer skin is removed. They must then be
promptly washed in warm water, dried in hot sawdust, and polished
with chamois leather. But shells destitute of natural polish may
be either varnished or rubbed with a mixture of tripoli powder and
turpentine, applied by means of a “wash-leather” (split sheepskin
dressed with oil), and afterward with fine tripoli alone, and finally
a little olive oil, the surface being brought up with vigorous use of
the chamois leather. But there are shells which must first be boiled
in a strong solution of potash, then ground on wheels, sometimes
all the way through the outer stratum, to show an underlying one,
after which they are polished with hydrochloric acid and putty
powder. This last process better be left to men who make a business
of shell-grinding; for it is said that “shell-grinders are almost
all cripples in their hands,” owing to the dangerous nature of this
operation.


STATES WITH COMPULSORY EDUCATION.

  STECOAH, N. C.

  Name the States and Territories which have compulsory education
  laws; and show how their attendance and non-attendance compare with
  the same in other States and Territories.

  J. L. CRISP.

_Answer._—Arizona, California, Connecticut, District of Columbia,
Illinois, Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, New York, Ohio, Vermont, Wisconsin, and Wyoming have
compulsory education laws, requiring every male child between certain
years—usually 8 to 14—to attend school not less than a specified
period—usually twelve weeks each year. The Illinois law did not come
into effect until the present school year, and in several other
States these laws were not passed in time to affect the statistics of
1880, so the following table gives the total number of children of
school age in none but such States as had compulsory attendance laws
before 1880. It gives not the average daily attendance, but the total
enrollment of pupils in the public schools:

                 Children of
  States.        school age.  Enrollment.

  California        215,978      158,765
  Connecticut       140,235      119,694
  Massachusetts     307,321      309,777
  Michigan          506,221      362,556
  New Jersey        330,685      204,961
  New York        1,641,173    1,031,593
  Ohio            1,043,320      747,138

The table below gives the corresponding statistics for an equal
number of States not having such laws, as nearly adjacent as possible:

                 Children of
  States.        school age.  Enrollment.

  Oregon             59,615       37,533
  Maine             214,656      149,827
  Rhode Island       52,273       44,780
  Pennsylvania    1,370,000      937,310
  Delaware           35,459       27,823
  Indiana           703,558      511,283
  Iowa              586,556      426,057

This comparison sheds very uncertain light upon the question as to
the effect of compulsory attendance laws, because the school age
period is different in different States, and it does not show the
number of pupils in private schools. It would be far more interesting
in this connection if it included only all children of the ages
within the compulsory period in each State, and gave the number of
such children enrolled in schools of any sort before and after the
passage of the law. Nevertheless, these tables do indicate plainly
enough that such laws are not strictly enforced in any State, and
are, comparatively speaking, a dead letter in others.


BASHFULNESS WORSE THAN FEAR.

  OREGON, Ill.

  What brave man was it that said he had suffered far more from
  bashfulness than from fear?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—It was “John Brown, of Ossawatomie,” the hero of the
Harper’s Ferry plot to emancipate as many as possible of the slaves
of Virginia and Maryland, and lead them on an exodus into Canada.
Being asked, on the way to the scaffold, if he felt any fear, he
replied: “It has been a characteristic of me from infancy not to
suffer from physical fear. I have suffered a thousand times more from
bashfulness than from fear.”


CHOKE-BORE SHOTGUNS.

  PECATONICA, Ill.

  Please explain the difference between “full choke” and “modified
  choke” shotguns.

  SPORTSMAN.

_Answer._—In a full choke shot-gun the bore is a perfect cylinder to
within a few inches from the muzzle, where it swells inward slightly
all around, and then opens out in the last six or seven inches to
about the same diameter as in front of the choke. In a “modified
choke” gun the barrel tapers from the shell chamber to the choke
curve. In a “taper bore choke” the barrel tapers regularly from the
shell chamber to the muzzle.


NIGHT GLASSES.

  HARPER, Kansas.

  What is a night glass? Is it true that a person can see as plainly
  with one of these, in fair weather, at night, as he can without one
  in daylight?

  C. G. BOONE.

_Answer._—A night glass is simply a small terrestrial telescope,
or spy-glass, ordinarily in the form of a large opera-glass, with
an unusually large lens in the end toward the object to be viewed,
called the object-glass, which serves to concentrate a large amount
of light, and so render objects seen at night much more distinct than
when viewed by either the naked eye or an ordinary spy-glass. Since
it is a principle in optics that “it is impossible, by any optical
arrangement whatever, to obtain an image whose brightest part shall
surpass the brightest part of the object,” it is obvious that nothing
seen through a night-glass, even in the clearest night, can appear as
distinct as in daylight.


AMERICAN HISTORIANS.

  WANDA, Ill.

  Will you please publish a list of the principal American historians?

  S.

_Answer._—Assuming that by “American historians” you mean historians
born in America, we give the following list, naming first those
who wrote chiefly of our own country, and afterward those who have
written mainly of other countries: J. S. C. Abbott, b. 1805; d. 1877;
George Bancroft, 1800; Richard Hildreth, 1807-1865; C. E. A. Gayarre,
1805; Francis Parkman, 1823; John C. Ridpath, 1840; John D. G. Shea,
1824; Jared Sparks, 1789-1866; James F. Cooper, 1789-1851; Hubert
H. Bancroft, and Thomas H. Burton. W. H. Prescott, 1796-1859; John
Lathrop Motley, 1814-1877, and Royal Robbins, 1788-1861.


SANDPAPER.

  SHENANDOAH, Iowa.

  Please describe the process of making sandpaper.

  H. S. GALT.

_Answer._—Common window glass—that having a green tint is best—is
powdered and sifted through sieves of varying fineness, for coarse
and fine sandpaper. Then any coarse paper is covered with thin glue
and the powdered glass is sifted upon it. After standing a day or
two, the refuse sand is shaken off, and the paper is ready for use.


ALABASTER.

  CLINTON, Ill.

  Where is alabaster quarried and manufactured?

  OLD PILGRIM.

_Answer._—Alabaster, or plaster of paris, is made in large quantities
at Grand Rapids, Mich., where there are extensive beds of gypsum, the
stone from which it is produced. Vases and other ornamental articles
can be cut from the finest quality of this stone; but generally such
articles are produced in Europe, where labor is cheaper and the
class of workmen accustomed to this branch of art is numerous. The
chief supply of European gypsum for fine arts is obtained at Sienna
and other places in Tuscany, and manufactured at Florence, Milan,
Leghorn, and Volterra.


RAILROADS ENTERING CHICAGO.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please state the total number of railroads entering Chicago on
  their own tracks or others, and oblige

  SEVERAL READERS.

_Answer._—Hardly two persons would agree as to “the number of
railroads entering Chicago on their own tracks or others,” for the
reason that one person would count all the distinct roads named
in the several coupons of every through ticket from any part of
the United States, Canada, or Mexico to this city, while others
would count only the roads chartered in Illinois and adjacent
States running under separate managements, and entering Chicago
over their own traces or leased right of way. The latter number
about thirty-eight, the former amount to several hundred. There
are twenty-seven great railway systems centering at Chicago and
controlled mainly from this point, which embrace about 25,000 miles
of track.


HARVARD, YALE, COLUMBIA.

  WEST LEBANON, Ind.

  Please give a comparison of Harvard, Yale, and Columbia Colleges in
  wealth, number of students, and number of graduates.

  A SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—According to the report of the Bureau of Education for
1880, these institutions compare, as regards wealth, as follows:

                          Productive    Income       Income
  Colleges—                funds.    from funds.  fr. tuition.

  Harvard                $3,959,556    $236,889      $122,835
  Yale                    1,293,078      79,943       102,912
  Columbia                4,816,257     320,565        24,200

Besides the above, there is a scientific school connected with each
of the above colleges with property, as follows:

                          Prod’tive      Income       Income
  Scientific Dept.—        funds      fr. funds    fr. tuit’n

  Lawrence Scientific
    School (Harvard)       $729,623     $46,482        $2,505

  Sheffield Scientific
    School (Yale)           265,775      28,157        15,850

  School of Mines
    (Columbia)                                         36,500

As respects students enrolled and graduates of all departments, in
the year above given, these institutions compared as in the totals
below:

  Number of       Number of      Degrees
  Colleges—      Students.     conferred.

  Harvard            974           264
  Yale               952           232
  Columbia           577           415

The degrees enumerated were all conferred “in course,” honorary
degrees being omitted from this statement.


THE MAID OF THE MIST.

  DANVILLE, Ill.

  Are you not mistaken as to the time when the Maid of the Mist ran
  through the great whirlpool in the Niagara River? Can you not give
  a fuller description than appeared in Our Curiosity Shop of Aug. 16?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The date here called in question is the one given for
this feat in Clemens Petersen’s article on Niagara in “Johnson’s
New Universal Cyclopedia,” but in THE DAILY INTER OCEAN of Sept.
1 we gave an account from the lips of DeWitt C. McMurtry, now of
Philadelphia, who claims to be the only survivor of that perilous
passage. He says the trip was made June 29 1859. He gives the
dimensions of the stanch little steamer at “about 150 feet over all
and 16 feet beam.” She was a side-wheeler, with new and powerful
engines, usually carrying 125 or 130 pounds pressure of steam, but
set at this time to blow off at 228 pounds. The run was made to
evade the payment of a mortgage held by Judge Addington, of Buffalo,
and under an offer from some Toronto parties to pay $25,000 for the
Maid of the Mist if delivered at Queenstown, on the Canada side,
at the mouth of the river. Joel Robinson, the captain, was offered
$500, the engineer, a Mr. Jones, and the fireman, Mr. McMurtry, each
$100, to undertake this task. The captain had himself lashed in the
wheelhouse, and the other two were shut in below under battened
hatches. The distance from the last landing above the whirlpool
to Queenstown is just five miles, one mile of which is through the
whirlpool-torrent. This distance was made in seven and three-quarter
minutes, only two of which were spent in the rapids. The boat was
dashed about at a terrible rate. “When she first struck the rapids,”
says McMurtry, “our boat leaped downward perhaps thirty feet. Then
she was hurled clear out of the water. Down she would go, as if she
would never stop, when suddenly she would right herself and, with a
bound which seemed almost human, leap out of the water. The current
runs forty-five miles an hour and the waves are twenty feet high.
Jones and I were almost killed by the quickly succeeding shocks. I
felt my strength rapidly oozing away as I clung to the hand-rails
for dear life. There was barely time to catch my breath between
concussions. Suddenly the current struck her sideways, she swung
around, and shot down the stream. We had escaped the whirlpool. When
I got out at Queenstown the water was waist high, the boat had been
so racked and wrenched in her passage.” Jones died soon afterward.
Robinson survived several years longer. According to this witness no
one perished in the passage, as is stated in some narratives of the
affair.


FEMALE SUFFRAGE IN NEW JERSEY.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What State was it that permitted women to vote ninety years ago?

  J. M. SNOW.

_Answer._—It was New Jersey; which organized as an independent State
two days before the declaration of independence, with a constitution
that allowed universal suffrage, male and female, without regard to
color. This constitution was not altered until 1844, when, among
other changes, the suffrage was restricted to males; largely because
of the apathy shown by women, especially those of the better class,
in regard to the exercise of the ballot.


UNION AND REBEL PRISONERS

  SWAN, Iowa.

  Give the number of prisoners taken on both sides during the late
  war. State how many died while prisoners; and, if possible, tell
  how many Union soldiers once in Southern prisons still survive. How
  many graves in National Cemeteries?

  A PRISONER OF WAR.

_Answer._—The number of Union soldiers captured by the Confederates
during the late war was 212,608. The number of Confederate prisoners
taken was 476,169. The number of Union soldiers who died while
prisoners was 29,725, or little more than one in seven of all
captured. The number of Confederates who died while prisoners was
26,774, or very nearly one in eighteen. The total number of graves
in the National cemeteries is 315,555, only 172,409 of which have
been identified. There is no means of learning how many who were once
Union prisoners still survive.


BATTLE OF SOLFERINO.

  CAMBRIDGE, Wis.

  In what war was the battle of Solferino fought; and what gave this
  place so much importance?

  R. D. THOMPSON.

_Answer._—The battle of Solferino was fought in 1859 between the
French, under the Emperor Louis Napoleon, and the Sardinians, under
Victor Emanuel on the side of the victors, and the Austrians, the
oppressors of Italy, led by the Emperor Francis Joseph. Solferino is
a place of no importance in itself, being but a village of some 1,400
inhabitants, situated in the province of Brescia, North Italy. Its
position, with its famous tower, called the “Spy of Italy,” because
it commands a view of the whole broad plain of Lombardy, gives it
great strategic importance; and in this war, which was, in fact, for
the independence and unity of Italy, the battle of Magenta, twenty
days earlier, in which the Austrians were driven from the field with
a loss of 9,713 killed and about 11,000 wounded and missing, and this
decisive victory at Solferino, in which the allies lost about 18,000
killed and wounded and the Austrians 20,000, besides 6,000 prisoners
and 30 cannon, resulted in the treaty of Villafranca, ceding Lombardy
to Sardinia and virtually terminating Austrian interference in
Italian affairs; so paving the way to the ultimate unification of
Italy, which quickly followed.


RESUMPTION OF SPECIE PAYMENT.

  BLAIR, Neb.

  Was the acts for the resumption of specie payments a Republican or
  Democratic measure? Please give the vote on the passage of the bill.

  C. C. D.

_Answer._—Resumption was advised by the Secretary of the Treasury
under President Grant, was earnestly recommended in the President’s
message, was brought forward in Congress by a Republican, was
reported with the recommendation that it pass from the Finance
Committee of the Senate, by its Chairman, Senator Sherman, Dec.
21, 1874, when a majority of the Senate and the committee were
Republicans; and passed the Senate the same day, by a vote of 32 to
14. All who voted in the negative were Democrats, except Tipton and
Hamilton, of Texas, both Independents. The bill passed the House
on June 7, 1875, by the following vote: Yeas, 136; nays, 98; not
voting, 54. The nays were all Democrats, except Clarke, Crutchfield,
Dawes, Field, Gooch, Hagans, B. W. Harris, J. R. Hawley, E. R. Hoar,
G. F. Hoar, Lawson, Niles, L. C. Parker, M. Sayler, H. J. Scudder,
Sherwood, W. A. Smith, W. Townsend, C. W. Willard, and Woodworth, in
all 20, Republicans. All who voted yea were Republicans.


ORIGIN OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.

  TURNER, Ill.

  When did the Democratic party originate, and what were its
  principal doctrines when it was in power?

  L. S. M.

_Answer._—We first read of a Democratic party in 1807, with such
men as Thomas Jefferson and James Madison for its leaders. It is
sometimes referred to by historians as the “Democratic Republican”
party, and its adherents were quite as frequently termed Republicans
as Democrats. Not until the first Democratic convention, in 1832, did
what is now generally understood as the simon pure Democratic party
assume positive shape. Thence forward it rapidly developed into the
defender of slavery; the opponent of National banks and protective
tariff; the advocate and administrator of the doctrine, “To the
victors belong the spoils,” or rotation in office; first vigorously
espoused and put into practice by General Jackson; and finally the
champion of State sovereignty and apologist and abettor of secession.
For a synopsis of the present political salmagundi, or olla podrida,
denominated Democracy, and for the doctrines of the Republican party
see Our Curiosity Shop for 1882, page 134.


WILL CARLETON, THE POET.

  JUNCTION CITY, Kan.

  Please give us a sketch of Will Carleton, author of “Farm Ballads,”
  and other poems.

  LADY READER.

_Answer._—Will Carleton was born in Hudson, Mich., Oct. 21, 1845.
His parents, John H. and Celeste E. Carleton, were of English
descent. They removed to Michigan from the East at an early day,
where the father cleared the farm upon which he afterward lived
for forty years. He was a man of great natural force of character,
with a talent for extemporaneous speaking, and he soon became a
man of influence, filling many offices of trust in the community,
and contributing powerfully to the rapid success of the Methodist
Church in Southern Michigan, of which he was a devoted member. He
died in 1872. The mother is still living and resides with her son
in Brooklyn, N. Y. She is a woman of decided force of character and
sweetness of heart, and is beloved by all who know her. Her only
other son having died on his way home, after a long imprisonment in
the South during the late war, and her daughters being dead, the
subject of this sketch is the only one of her five children now
surviving. The boyhood of Will Carleton was passed in farm labor and
study. At the district school he was particularly fond of grammar,
and manifested a spirit of criticism that at times got him into
discussions with his teachers which disturbed their serenity of
temper. Frequently when the day for “speaking pieces” came around
he would surprise his fellow pupils with original bits of humor,
which, although intended for good-natured satires, ended more than
once in schoolboy fights. Later he walked five miles daily to attend
high school in town. At 16 he taught a country school of fifty-two
pupils, and any allusions he makes to “boarding ’round” are born of
experience. He graduated at Hillsdale College in 1869 with the degree
of A. B., and for two years devoted himself to editorial work, being
during the last of the two editor of the Detroit _Weekly Tribune_.
He then returned to Hillsdale to reside, while giving more time to
preparations for a literary life, and occasionally filling lecturing
and reading engagements.

What may properly be called Mr. Carleton’s first literary success
was a political satire entitled “Fax,” written during his junior
vacation in the summer of 1868, at Aurora, Ill., and delivered before
literary clubs during the political campaign of that year. Several
thousand copies of it were published and widely circulated. His
graduation poem, at Hillsdale, the next summer, was entitled “Rifts
in the Clouds;” afterward incorporated in “Farm Legends.” Among his
other early poems is one read on Decoration Day, 1870, entitled
“Cover Them Over,” which was copied extensively at the time, and has
since been recited on many other such occasions. The poems which
first brought him into general notice throughout the country and
abroad were his “Farm Ballads,” which having first, many of them,
appeared in _Harpers’ Weekly_ and other periodicals, were published
by Harper & Bros., in 1873. “Farm Legends” followed, in 1875; “Young
Folks’ Centennial Rhymes,” in 1876, and “Farm Festivals,” in 1881.
In 1878 he visited Europe, spending much time among the peasantry
of England, Ireland, and Scotland, and visiting the continent. The
same year he removed to Chicago, making that the center of a large
lecturing circuit, covering most of the Western States. Wherever he
went large audiences received him with cordial welcome and tokens of
approbation. In 1880 he removed to Boston, and in 1882 to Brooklyn,
N. Y., his present home, near the center of the Eastern lecture
circuit. Mr. Carleton contributes to several periodicals, lectures
from two to five evenings a week, and is meanwhile preparing another
book for the press, which will appear soon. His former volumes have
sold to the extent of over 200,000 copies, and the demand is well
maintained.


NUMBERS IN VARIOUS OCCUPATIONS.

  PARSONS, Kan.

  Give the different occupations of the American people, and numbers
  engaged in each.

  I. J. UZZELL.

_Answer._—It will take too much space to name all the occupations
designated in the United States census of 1880; the following are the
principal ones:

    In Agriculture—

  Farmers and planters                           4,225,945
  Agricultural laborers                          3,323,876
  Dairymen and dairywomen                            8,948
  Gardeners, nursery and vine-growers               51,482
  Stock-drovers                                      3,449
  Stock-herders                                     24,098
  Stock-raisers                                     16,528
  Florists                                           4,550
  All others                                        11,617
                                                 —————————
      Total in agriculture                       7,670,493

    In Manufacturing and Mining—

  Blacksmiths                                      172,726
  Boot and shoemakers                              194,079
  Butchers                                          76,241
  Cabinetmakers                                     50,654
  Carpenters and joiners                           373,143
  Carriage and wagon makers                         49,881
  Cigarmakers                                       56,599
  Cotton-mill operators                            169,771
  Engineers and firemen                             79,625
  Fishermen and oystermen                           41,352
  Glassworks operators                              17,934
  Gold and silver workers                           28,405
  Harness and saddle-makers                         39,960
  Iron and steel operatives                        114,539
  Leather-curriers, tanners, etc.                   29,842
  Lumbermen and raftsmen                            30,651
  Machinists                                       101,130
  Manufacturers                                     44,019
  Marble and stone cutters                          32,842
  Masons, brick and stone                          102,473
  Mill operatives, not specified                    30,836
  Millers                                           53,440
  Milliners, dressmakers and seamstr’ses           285,401
  Miners                                           234,228
  Painters and varnishers                          128,556
  Paper-mill operatives                             21,430
  Plasterers                                        22,083
  Plumbers and gas-fitters                          19,383
  Printers, lithographers, and stereo-typers        72,726
  Saw and planing mill operatives                   77,050
  Ship carpenters, caulkers, riggers, and smiths    17,452
  Silk mill operatives                              18,071
  Tailors and tailoresses                          133,756
  Tinners and tinware workers                       42,818
  Tobacco factory operatives                        20,446
  Wheelwrights                                      15,592
  Woolen mill operatives                            88,010
  All others in mines and factories                754,888
                                                 —————————
      Total                                      3,837,112

In Trade and Transportation—

  Clerks in stores                                 353,444
  Draymen, hackmen, and teamsters                  177,586
  Employes of railroads not clerks                 236,058
  Telegraph officials and employes                  22,809
  Sailors                                           60,070
  Salesmen and saleswomen                           72,279
  Saloon-keepers and bar-tenders, besides
    13,074 restaurant keepers                       68,461
  Traders in cigars and tobacco                     11,866
  Traders in clothing                               10,073
  Traders in coal and wood                          10,871
  Traders in drugs and medicines                    27,704
  Traders in dry goods, fancy goods, etc.           45,831
  Traders in groceries                             101,849
  Traders in iron, tin, and copper wares            15,076
  Traders in liquors and wines                      13,500
  Traders in live stock                             12,596
  Traders in lumber                                 11,263
  Traders in produce and provisions                 35,129
  Traders in real estate                            11,253
  Traders in sewing machines                         6,577
  Traders and dealers not specified                112,842
  Undertakers                                        5,113
  All others                                       387,006
                                                 —————————
      Total in trade and transportation          1,810,256

In Professional and Personal Services—

  Barbers and laundresses                           44,851
  Clergymen                                         64,698
  Dentists                                          12,314
  Domestic servants                              1,075,653
  Employes of hotels and restaurants                77,413
  Hostlers                                          31,697
  Hotel keepers                                     32,453
  Journalists                                       12,308
  Laborers not specified                         1,859,223
  Launderers and laundresses                       121,942
  Lawyers                                           64,137
  Musicians                                         30,477
  Officials of Federal and State governments        57,081
  Clerks of Federal and State governments           16,849
  Employes                                          31,401
  Physicians and surgeons                           85,671
  Soldiers of U. S. army and navy                   24,161
  Teachers and scientific persons                  227,710
  Other professions                              2,204,199
                                                 —————————
      Total in professions and transportation    4,074,238

The total number of persons in the United States reported as employed
in gainful occupations in 1880 was 17,392,099, out of a total
population of 50,155,783, being 34.68 per cent of the population
of all ages, and 47.31 per cent of the population over 10 years of
age. Of these 14,744,942 were males and 2,647,157 were females. Of
the males 825,187 were between 10 and 15 years of age, and of the
females, 293,169.


ISLANDS of THE UNITED STATES.

  BRISTOL, Ill.

  Please give the number and dimensions of the islands of the United
  States, and state their condition as to soil, water, atmosphere,
  vegetation, etc.; also, whether they are generally inhabited.

  C. S. HOPPER.

_Answer._—This is a very interesting question, or series of
questions, but the full answer would fill a volume. The coast of the
State of Michigan alone is gemmed with no fewer than 179 islands
of all sizes, from Isle Royale, which forms an entire county of
more than fifty miles in length by ten in breadth, to islets of
less than an acre in surface. Their total area aggregates 404,730
acres. In “Rand & McNally’s Atlas of the World” all the islands of
noticeable magnitude are laid down, and by this authority it appears
that Maine has 40 such islands; Massachusetts, 39; Rhode Island, 24;
Connecticut, 9; New York, 22; New Jersey, 2; Delaware, 6; Maryland,
16; Virginia, 7; North Carolina, 10; South Carolina, 10; Georgia, 11;
Florida, 79; Alabama, 4; Mississippi, 7: Louisiana, 24; Texas, 8;
Ohio, 13; Michigan, 179; Wisconsin, 31, California, 14; Washington
Territory, 26. Alaska Territory embraces more than 200 islands, many
of which are of great value as fishing stations. There are hundreds
of petty islets not located except in the charts of the United States
Coast Survey. Many of them, like the islands in the Western rivers,
are not known by names but only by numbers. But a small number of the
more important islands in the above list are inhabited; less than
100 in all. The soil is of all varieties, from the fertile fields of
Port Royal, Hilton Head, and Edisto, South Carolina, the home of the
famous “sea island cotton,” and the rich dark loam of Long Island,
New York, to the bleak rocks and barren sands of Mt. Desert, and the
arid isles on the coast of California.


PRE-EMPTION CLAIM QUERIES.

  ST. LAWRENCE, Dak.

  1. What is necessary to constitute “continuous residence” on a
  pre-emption claim? 2. What more does the law require of a single
  man to “prove up” than of the head or a family?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—1. The courts have repeatedly decided that “the sufficiency
of residence and improvement is a question of fact to be decided
from the circumstances of each case.” In the case of _Copley_
versus _Rell_ it was ruled that “where, from the nature of the land
entered under the pre-emption law, it would appear that the claimant
has selected it for speculative purposes rather than for purposes
of improvement and cultivation, the evidences of good faith and
_occupation_ should be of the most satisfactory character.” And
again, in the case of _Porter_ versus _Johnson_, it was held that
what constitutes residence within the meaning of the law “is simply
a question of good faith, and each case must be considered upon its
own merits.” In the case of _Boyse_ versus _Goss_, it was held that
“the statute requires inhabitancy on the land pre-empted and this
means actual residence or a home.” In case of _Southern Pacific
Railroad_ versus _Newton_, it was held that “occupation and use of
land for purposes other than cultivation, etc., do not constitute a
pre-emption claim.” While the above rulings distinctly reveal the
intent of the government to exact all that is essential to actual
settlement and the maintenance of a home upon the land, there are
other rulings which indicate that the law will be construed liberally
so long as the above essentials are preserved. For example, it has
been decided that “a party while having an actual residence on his
claims, may work elsewhere for other people a few weeks at a time.”
Again, “where a party is very poor, a dug-out in the side of a hill
or a sod-house is a satisfactory residence, and four pre-emptors may
combine to erect and occupy a house on the corner common to their
claims, provided each pre-emptor resides in his own part of the
house. Should one of them be unmarried he may board in the family
of a married pre-emptor.” 2. The law makes no difference between
married and unmarried pre-emptors. In construing it, as regards what
constitutes residence, the last ruling above quoted indicates that
the government is disposed to make some allowance for the unfortunate
circumstances of a young man who has not found any girl willing to
share his dug-out sod-house or tepee and cook his corn-dodgers and
potatoes for the privileges of wifehood, including a dower interest
in the estate. Married and unmarried pre-emptors must each make a
final affidavit, declaring that they have complied with the law in
every particular, are not disqualified by owning 320 acres of land
elsewhere in any State or Territory of the United States, or by
other reasons specified, and must file pre-emptor’s proofs in the
form of sworn answers to questions furnished them on printed blanks,
which must be accompanied by sworn testimony of two witnesses, taken
separately, in the form of answers to questions stated in another
set of printed blanks prepared by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, all designed to attest that the law as to continuous
residence, cultivation, etc., has been complied with in good faith.


A FATAL FEINT.

  PRINCETON, Ill.

  Who was the young man who when walking on the brink of Niagara
  River, some years ago, in company with his intended bride and her
  little sister, accidentally tossed the latter into the rapids, and
  perished in the effort to save her? What was the child’s name, and
  how did it all happen?

  JAMES.

_Answer._—It is related of a Mr. Addington, a son of Judge Addington,
of Buffalo, that when standing on Luna Island, just above the Falls
of Niagara, with a Miss De Forrest and her little sister, he seized
the latter playfully, and, holding her over the brink, threatened
to toss her into the river. The child, in a spasm of terror, sprang
from his arms and fell into the edge of the fatal current. Instantly
young Addington bounded after her, succeeded in seizing her, and
caught a frail bush for support. Had this held they might both have
been saved, but it gave way, and man and child were carried over the
falls. The common traditions represent that Mr. Addington and Miss
De Forrest, who was a very lovely young lady, were engaged to be
married, and that in consequence of the terrible fate of her lover
and sister she became insane. This was in 1844, or thereabouts.


TARANTULAS.

  KINGMAN, Kan.

  To settle a dispute, please give a description of the tarantula,
  and tell where it is found.

  A READER.

_Answer._—There are several varieties of tarantulas. The one from
which they all take this name, the “lycosa tarantula,” is the
largest of European spiders, named from Taranto, Italy, where they
are very numerous. Its body is from one and a half to two inches
long, ashy brown above, thorax marked with gray and abdomen with
three-cornered spots and curved streaks bordered with white, with a
patch of saffron-color below all, crossed by a black band. It has
one spiracle, or breathing aperture, on each side, one pulmonary
sac, and eight eyes. It does not spin a web to snare its prey, but
captures it by running it down, and it lives in holes lined with a
silk-like substance. Its bite is no more severe than that of some
kinds of wasps, and is certainly not nearly so dangerous to life
as it is fabled to be. The notion that its bite produced a sort of
delirium and was curable only by dancing to lively music until the
sufferer fell from sheer exhaustion was a superstition. For a good
illustration of this ugly insect see the cut accompanying the word
“tarantula” in Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary.

There is a variety of tarantula in our Southern States, called
“lycosa Carolinensis” by naturalists, which is even larger than its
European namesake, being about two inches long, and having legs
spreading at least four inches. It has whitish legs, white sides,
whitish dots and lines on the belly, and is of a mouse color on top
and black or dark colored underneath. Like the Italian tarantula, it
spins no web, takes its prey by pursuit, and lives in holes lined
with a sort of silk. It is peculiar in carrying its young on its
back, and it seldom bites.

There are certain spiders of the genus mygale in the Southwestern
States, which are sometimes improperly called tarantulas.


PERRY’S VICTORY ON LAKE ERIE.

  EVANSTON, Ill.

  Can you give us the old American naval song of 1812, in which
  perry, pear cider, is made to pun with the name of Perry, the hero
  of Lake Erie.

  A READER.

_Answer._—A correspondent, the Rev. W. P. Jones, of Mt. Morris, Ill.,
a boy at the time of that victory, recalls so much of the song as is
given below. It must be remembered that Captain Barclay commanded
the British squadron and General Proctor the British land forces in
Canada.

        Bold Barclay one day
        To Proctor did say,
    “I’m tired of Jamaica and sherry;
        Come, let us go down
        To this new floating town,
    And get some American Perry.”

Finding that the liquor flowed more freely than it was wanted, and
was too hot to suit his taste, he cries out, in the last stanza, in
his vain attempt to fly:

        “Your liquor’s too hot;
        Keep it still in the pot!
    Oh, cork your American Perry!”

But there was no such thing as corking Perry until he had captured
the entire British squadron, consisting of two ships, two schooners,
a brig, and a sloop, with all on board, including forty-one killed
and ninety-four wounded.


THE TWO U. S. CONSTITUTIONS.

  BELMONT, Iowa.

  Please point out the difference between the first Constitution of
  the United States, under which the Revolutionary war was fought,
  and the present Constitution.

  O. T. K.

_Answer._—The Articles of Confederation conferred upon Congress none
but delegated powers and recognized the absolute sovereignty of the
States. Aside from the right to make war and peace, regulate foreign
intercourse, receive and send embassadors, control the coinage of
money, and settle disputed boundaries, Congress had no power to act
without the consent of nine of the States, each casting one ballot.
It could not levy taxes, and before 1787 the war debt had destroyed
the financial reputation of the United States abroad. The States were
divided in their interests, and at the last Colonial Congress but
eight of the States sent delegates. Not the least of the weaknesses
of the confederation was the non-provision for a chief magistrate, or
for a national judiciary. To meet these needs it was found necessary
to frame a new constitution, systematically organizing a permanent
form of government. This document arranges the powers of government
under three heads—legislative, executive, and judicial—and places
the supreme power in the people of the whole country, instead of
vainly endeavoring to maintain a multitude of independent States. It
replaced a disjointed confederacy of jealous States with a Nation.


CHAPLAINS IN ARMY AND NAVY.

  GIBSON, Ill.

  How old must a man be to be ineligible to the office of chaplain in
  the United States navy? How old to be ineligible to a chaplaincy in
  the army? How many chaplaincies are there in the army and navy and
  what is the rank and pay?

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—A chaplain in the navy cannot be less than 21 nor more
than 35 years of age at the time of his appointment. Limits of age
of new appointees in the army are not specified in the statute.
The President may retire a chaplain unconditionally after forty
years’ service, or after he is 62 years of age. The President is
authorized, by and with the consent of the Senate, to appoint thirty
post chaplains and a chaplain for each of the cavalry and two
infantry regiments of colored troops in the army, and not to exceed
twenty-four chaplains in the navy. The rank and pay of chaplains in
the navy are stated on page 88 of Curiosity Shop for 1882. Chaplains
in the army have the rank of captain of infantry, without command,
and are on the same footing with other officers of the army as
to terms of office, retirement, and pensions. The pay of an army
chaplain is $1,500 a year for the first five years’ service, $1,650
for the next five years, $1,800 for the next five, $1,950 for the
next five, and $2,100 after twenty years’ service. It should be borne
in mind that the duty of chaplains of colored troops and of post
chaplains includes instruction of the enlisted men in the common
English branches of education.


POSTAL-LAW QUERIES.

  NEPONSET, Ill.

  1. When were the salaries of postmasters changed from a percentage
  on stamps sold to a percentage on stamps canceled? 2. What is the
  postage on newspapers to Great Britain? 3. Can a supplement be sent
  without extra charge?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—1. Under the postal law approved Jan. 23, 1874, the
compensation of postmasters of the first, second, and third classes
consisted of annual salaries, assigned in even hundreds of dollars,
to be ascertained and fixed by the Postmaster General from their
respective quarterly returns for four quarters immediately preceding
the adjustment or readjustment, by adding to the whole amount of
box rents, not exceeding $2,000 per annum, commissions, also not to
exceed $2,000 per annum, on the postal revenues of the office. All
postmasters whose salaries, computed by this law, did not amount to
$1,000, constituted a fourth class, whose compensation was the box
rents collected at their offices and commissions on other postal
revenues of their offices at the rate of 60 per cent on the first
$100 or less per quarter, 50 per cent on the next $300 or less,
and 40 per cent on the excess above $400 per quarter. To swell the
revenues of their offices, postmasters of the fourth-class, and some
of those of the third and second-classes, went into the large cities
and sold stamps to mercantile firms and other heavy dealers, in
some cases even sharing commissions with them. This abuse led to a
revision of the law in the act of June 17, 1878, so that commissions
should be allowed only “on stamps canceled as postages on matter
actually mailed” at the offices in question. 2. The postage on
newspapers to Great Britain and most of her colonies, the world over,
is 1 cent for every two ounces or fraction thereof. Better inquire
at postoffice for postal rates, or consult the United States Postal
Guide, which can be seen at every postoffice. 3. That depends on the
weight.


FARM AREAS AND VALUES.

  ORD, Neb.

  Oblige some of your readers by giving the cultivated area of the
  United States; the number and value of farms, farm implements,
  stock, etc. Also specify the States and Territories having over
  500,000 acres each under cultivation.

  HENRY P. MAIDEN.

_Answer._—The total number of improved acres in the United States,
according to the census of 1880, was 284,771,042, embraced in
4,008,907 farms. The value of farms, including lands, fences, and
buildings, was $10,197,096,776; value of live stock, $1,500,464,609;
cost of building and repairing fences, $77,763,473; cost of
fertilizers purchased, $28,586,397. Estimated value of all farm
productions (sold, consumed, or on hand), $2,213,402,564.

The following States and Territories had each more than 500,000 acres
under cultivation;

  Alabama         6,375,706
  Arkansas        3,595,603
  California     10,669,698
  Colorado          616,169
  Connecticut     1,642,188
  Dakota          1,150,413
  Delaware          746,958
  Florida           947,640
  Georgia         8,204,720
  Illinois       26,115,154
  Indiana        13,933,738
  Iowa           19,866,541
  Kansas         10,739,566
  Kentucky       10,731,683
  Louisiana       2,739,972
  Maine           3,484,908
  Maryland        3,342,700
  Mass’ch’setts   2,128,311
  Michigan        8,296,862
  Minnesota       7,246,693
  Mississippi     5,216,937
  Missouri       16,745,031
  Nebraska        5,504,702
  N. Hampshire    2,308,112
  New Jersey      2,096,297
  New York       17,717,862
  N. Carolina     6,481,151
  Ohio           18,081,091
  Oregon          2,198,645
  Pennsylvan’a   13,423,007
  S. Carolina     4,132,000
  Tennessee       8,496,556
  Texas          12,650,314
  Vermont         3,286,461
  Virginia        8,510,113
  W. Virginia     3,792,327
  Wisconsin       9,162,528

Illinois leads the column with nearly double the cultivated area of
the Keystone State; Iowa comes next, and Ohio, New York, Missouri,
Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Texas, in the order here given, come
trudging after. The next census will make marked changes in the above
list.


THE GOOSE HANGS HIGH.

BLUFFDALE, Ill.—Some one asks in Our Curiosity Shop as to the origin
of the saying, “All things are lovely, and the goose hangs high.”
This is it: In the autumn, during the warm, hazy days of Indian
summer the wild geese fly very high, so high that they cannot be
seen, but their cry, which is a “haunk,” is plainly heard. Therefore
it was, and is, a saying in the West, “All things are lovely, and the
goose ‘haunks’ high,” a sure indication of continued fine weather. It
is not “the goose hangs high,” which is a corruption of language, and
is, moreover, nonsense.

  S. G. R.


ARCTIC EXPLORATION.

  SHERWOOD, Wis.

  Mention all the attempts made to explore the arctic regions, and
  tell where we can find a full account of these expeditions.

  WILLIAM R. BISHOP.

_Answer._—No one work contains a full account of all the toils and
sufferings, the thrilling scenes and exciting experiences of arctic
exploration. The books and charts on this subject would make a
good-sized library. As respects the northeast passage, they include
narratives of the expeditions of Willoughby and Chancellor (English,
1553), Burroughs (English, 1556), Pet and Jackman (English, 1580),
William Barentz (Dutch, 1594-96), Henry Hudson (English, 1608, and
Dutch, 1609), Wood (Dutch, 1676). Behring (Russian, 1741), Shalaroff
(Russian), who with his crew perished of starvation, Wiggans
(English, 1784), Billings (Russian, 1787), and finally, Professor
Adolf Eric Nordenskjold (Swedish), who, after two other expeditions
(severally in 1875 and 1876), in 1878-9 succeeded in sailing from
the North Atlantic eastward, through the Arctic Ocean and Behring
Straits, into the Pacific, thus triumphantly completing the discovery
of the “northeast passage.”

The search for the “northwest passage” has engaged nearly two hundred
and fifty expeditions, of various nationalities. It would be useless
to enumerate them all. The first attempts were made by Sebastian
Cabot (English, 1498), and Martin Frobisher (English, 1576); Captain
John Davis, after whom Davis’ Strait is named (English, 1585-88);
Henry Hudson, after whom Hudson’s Bay is named (English, 1610);
Button (English, 1615), and Bylot and Baffin, after the latter of
whom Baffin’s Bay takes its name (English, 1615-16). Little more
in the way of discovery in this direction was realized, although
occasional attempts were made by Jens Munk, a Danish navigator, Fox,
James, and others, until 1818, when Ross and Parry, under direction
and support of the British Admiralty, entered upon a series of
expeditions extending over more than a decade, by which a large
addition was made to the knowledge of the geography of this region
as far west as long 110 deg west, in Melville Sound, and north to
latitude 82 deg. 45 min., and the magnetic pole was discovered.
Dease, Simpson, Dr. John Rae, and other explorers followed. Then
in 1845, came the memorable expedition of Sir John Franklin, whose
party perished to the last man, but not until they had left records,
since recovered, of discoveries showing that Sir John, had he been
spared to return, was prepared to claim the honor of discovering
the northwest passage. But as these records were not discovered by
McClintock’s expedition (English) until 1859, and McClure (English),
who went out via Behring’s Straits in search of Franklin in 1850,
returned in 1852, after having brought his ship to Melville Island
and his ship’s crew through from Behring’s Straits to Baffin’s Bay,
had already received the award for the discovery of this long-sought
passage. Besides the above, which are only the principal British
expeditions, there are the American ones, under Dr. De Haven, 1850;
Dr. Kane, 1853; Dr. Hayes, 1861; and Captain Hall, 1860, 1864, and
1870, full of interest, and resulting in important geographical and
scientific discoveries; the Austrian Arctic Expedition of 1872-74,
resulting in the discovery of Franz Joseph Land; the British
Expedition, under Captain Nares, 1875-76; the Jeannette Expedition of
1879-80, which resulted in the melancholy death of Captain De Long
and so many of his companions by starvation. Written and illustrated
accounts of nearly all the above explorations have been published,
and many of them can be found in the catalogues of the leading
American publishing houses.


THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.

  ZANESVILLE, Ohio.

  When was the Declaration of Independence first proposed, and when
  was it finally adopted? Give the hour in the day as nearly as you
  can, the order of proceedings, and the scenes that followed.

  GEORGE M. HOFFMAN.

_Answer._—That enthusiastic little rebel, Rhode Island, was the
first of the colonies to declare itself “free from all dependence
on the crown of Great Britain.” This she did on May 4, 1776. The
Assembly of Virginia in the same month instructed her delegates
to the Continental Congress to present to that body a proposition
“affirming the independence of the colonies from Great Britain.” In
compliance with these instructions Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, on
June 7, 1776, introduced his famous resolutions: “That these united
colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and independent States;
that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British crown; and
that all political connection between them and the State of Great
Britain is, and ought to be, totally dissolved. That it is expedient
forthwith to take the most effectual measures for forming foreign
alliances. That a plan of confederation be prepared and transmitted
to the respective colonies for their consideration and approbation.”
John Adams seconded these resolutions, and an animated discussion
ensued. On June 8 a committee, consisting of Thomas Jefferson, John
Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Roger Sherman, and Robert R. Livingston,
was appointed to draw up a declaration of independence embodying
the sense of Lee’s resolutions. On July 2 Lee’s resolutions were
passed by the vote of twelve of the thirteen colonies, the New York
delegates refraining from voting for want of instructions from their
province. On July 3 the formal declaration, almost precisely as
written by Thomas Jefferson, was presented by the committee above
named, and was debated with great spirit, John Adams being the chief
speaker on the part of the committee. The discussion was resumed on
the morning of the 4th, and at 2 o’clock in the afternoon, after one
or two slight modifications, it was adopted. The announcement was
hailed with the liveliest enthusiasm. “Ring! ring!” shouted the lad
stationed below to give the signal to the old bellman in the State
House tower; and he did ring until the whole city shouted for joy.
The King’s arms were wrenched from the Court House and burned in
the streets; bonfires were lighted, the city illuminated, and the
exultation was prolonged far into the night. In New York City the
populace hurled the leaden statue of George III. from its pedestal
and molded it into bullets, and in all the great cities similar
demonstrations of enthusiasm were exhibited. Washington had the
declaration read at the head of every brigade of the army, and the
soldiers pledged fealty to the cause of independence.


INVENTOR OF THE LIFE-BOAT.

  JOLIET, Ill.

  Who invented the life-boat, and when did he do it?

  JAMES.

_Answer._—It is not easy to determine this question. Many writers
give the credit to Mr. Henry Greathead, of Shields, Eng.; others give
it to Lionel Lukin, a coach-builder, of London; others to William
Wouldhave, parish clerk of St. Hilda’s Church, South Shields, Eng.
Now that the Royal National Life-boat Institution of Great Britain
alone has 271 life-boats in its service, and more than 900 lives
annually, on the average, are saved, mainly by these boats, when
the life-saving institutions of other countries are using them with
most gratifying results, it is not strange that the honor of this
invention is zealously contested. The facts seem to be these: The
first patent for a life-boat was granted in England, in 1785, to
Lionel Lukin. It was not satisfactory for several reasons, but was
improved by Admiral Graves, of the Royal Navy, and Henry Greathead, a
boatbuilder of Shields. This was improved by George Palmer, a member
of the National Life-boat Institution, and remained the favorite boat
in the service until 1851, when in response to the offer by the Duke
of Northumberland of a prize of 100 guineas, about 100 models of
improved life-boats were exhibited, and the prize was awarded to Mr.
James Beeching, of Yarmouth. This boat, improved by Mr. R. Peake, of
the Royal Dockyard, Woolwich, was adopted by the National Life-boat
Institution, and is still its favorite model. Undoubtedly Greathead
has received more credit for this invention than any one else. He
received the gold medals of the Society of Arts and the Royal Humane
Society. He received £1,200 from Parliament in 1802, and a purse of
100 guineas from Lloyd’s. He obtained patents and honorable awards
in foreign countries and made large sums by furnishing boats for
life-saving service for Great Britain and other lands. Nevertheless,
the honor of inventing the self-righting life-boat is strenuously
claimed for William Wouldhave, particularly by his fellow-townsmen
and parishioners of South Shields. The story is that soon after a
wreck, accompanied with a terrible loss of life, which occurred at
Tynemouth in September, 1789, Mr. Wouldhave noticed a wooden dish
floating on the surface of a well, which, on being accidentally
struck by his finger, when he was assisting a woman to raise a skeel
of water, turned bottom upward, and instantly righted itself again.
Capsizing it again several times, he noted that it always righted
itself. He discovered the self-righting principle then and there, and
soon after made a model life-boat of tin, which he offered to exhibit
to the ship-owners and mariners of South Shields as a suitable boat
for rescuing persons from wrecks. The affair was greatly talked
about, and a committee consisting of gentlemen connected with the
merchant marine was appointed to test the model and any others
that might be offered for inspection. Greathead, the boatbuilder
above mentioned, exhibited a model at this time, and upon testing
the merits of the boats Wouldhave’s proved to be self-righting and
unsinkable by any water it might ship. Greathead’s model failed in
these respects, though in others it was pronounced a good sea-boat.
Mr. Greathead, however, was what Mr. Wouldhave was not, a shrewd
business man. He made improvements in his model, adopting some of the
features of Lukin’s patent above mentioned and some of Wouldhave’s,
and it was not long before he had introduced it into actual service,
not only in Great Britain, but elsewhere. Hence his name has become
famous as the inventor of the life-boat, while Wouldhave’s name was
known to few but his townsmen as the actual and original inventor.
The first model made by Wouldhave is now in the Free Library Museum
at South Shields. His tombstone, in St. Hilda’s Church-yard, bears a
life-boat carved on it, and above the gaselier in the church a model
life-boat is suspended in memory of him.


“BULLS” AND “BEARS.”

  JONESBORO, Ark.

  Explain how “bulls” and “bears” operate to affect the prices of
  stocks and provisions.

  S. W. MOREHEAD.

_Answer._—The means used to “bull” and “bear,” or raise and depress,
the prices of stocks, grain, provisions, etc., are innumerable,
varying with the needs of the times, but influenced much more by
the combinations of capitalists and brokers. The “bulls” magnify
every circumstance favorable to the appreciation of the stocks they
hold or have agreed to take at a given time, while those who have
contracted to deliver such stocks, or who for any reason wish to buy,
do all in their power to depreciate them, and are therefore nicknamed
“bears.” Any one who has ever witnessed a bull and bear fight will
not question the appropriateness of these terms as applied to the
combatants in the exciting wars among the kings of the stock board.
The bulls struggle to toss the stocks higher; the bears squeeze and
tug to force the prices down. The former resort to all kinds of
expedients to induce small holders to cling fast to their stocks
instead of putting them on the market. They persuade them by direct
appeals, or by circulating encouraging reports, that these stocks
are bound to rise rapidly in value; and they often combine to buy
up the stock of the few who persist in selling, so as to “corner”
the market. Not content with fair means, they sometimes enter into
combinations with one another, and employ third parties to buy and
sell stocks of the same description on ’Change, in such a way as to
create the impression that there is a greater demand for them than
there really is, when in fact the sales are never consummated, or
merely amount to an exchange among themselves. Often, when neither
the foreign nor home news was favorable to their purposes, false
reports have been telegraphed through the country by interested
parties, to affect the stock board. Similar methods are pursued on
boards of trade.


ORIGIN OF POSTOFFICES.

  WAUKESHA, Wis.

  What country first established a postal system for transmitting the
  mail? When was postal communication established in America? Give us
  a few facts on this subject.

  J. J. S.

_Answer._—Couriers for carrying royal or government dispatches
are mentioned in histories of the earliest times. Royal posts
existed in Assyria, Persia, Greece, and Rome. The name postoffice
originated in the posts, or stations, at intervals along the roads
of the Roman Empire, where couriers were kept in readiness to start
on the instant. But such posts were not used for transmitting
private letters. The first postal system for commercial and private
correspondence appears to have been established between the Hanse
Towns early in the thirteenth century. In the reign of the Emperor
Maximilian I., of Germany, letter posts were established by the
Princes of Thurn and Taxis, connecting the chief cities of Austria
and Lombardy, and later, 1516, the same princes connected Vienna
and Brussels in the same way. Maximilian’s successor, Charles V.,
encouraged still further extension of this private postal system by
repeated enfeoffments or special franchises, until all the great
commercial centers of his vast empire, from Vienna to Madrid,
from the Adriatic to the North Sea, and intervening places, were
brought into regular postal communication. Far back in the twelfth
century the University of Paris, whose students, gathered from
all civilized nations, numbered not long after this over 25,000,
employed foot-runners to carry letters for its members to all parts
of Europe. But not until 1524 was permission granted to the royal
French posts to carry other letters than those for the government and
the nobility. London merchants established a postal communication of
their own with France and other continental countries as early as the
fifteenth century, and it is evident that, although the royal post of
England established in the thirteenth century was intended and long
restricted to the transmission of government dispatches only, it had
gradually become a vehicle for private correspondence. In 1581 Thomas
Randolph was appointed the “Chief Postmaster” for England, with
authority to establish and supervise post-houses and regulate the
fees charged by postmen, but apparently without authority to receive
and handle mail matter, which was left largely to the discretion of
the postmen themselves. Not until the time of James I. of England
was a postmaster for foreign parts appointed, and steps taken by the
government to establish regular running posts, going day and night,
for the transmission of letters for the general public. In 1635 such
a mail was established to run weekly between London and Edinburgh,
and soon eight other lines were instituted.

In this country, Massachusetts provided by legislation for the postal
system as early as 1639, and Virginia in 1657. A monthly post between
Boston and New York was instituted in 1672. In the beginning, letters
arriving in this country from beyond the seas were delivered on
board the ship. Letters not called for were left by the captain at
a coffee-house near the wharf, where they were spread on a table or
shelf, awaiting call. Persons calling not only took charge of their
own letters, but of those of acquaintances in their neighborhood,
either delivering them in person or leaving them at the minister’s
or some magistrate’s office to be inquired for, or announced in
church. These coffee-houses gradually grew into common use for
letters between cities and the interiors, until regular posts were
instituted. One of the first acts of the Continental Congress was the
establishment of a general postoffice department, and the appointment
of Benjamin Franklin, who had enjoyed large experience in the British
colonial postal service, as the first Postmaster General.


FINANCIAL CONDITION OF FRANCE.

  HAMILTON, N. M.

  What is the financial condition of France as compared with other
  European countries? Is she prepared to cope with Great Britain in
  case of a war between them?

  E. L. EASDALE.

_Answer._—France is carrying a larger national debt than any
other nation. It amounted at the close of the fiscal year 1882 to
$4,683,840,000—nearly a billion dollars more than that of Great
Britain. Besides this, like our own States and minor political
divisions, the departments and municipalities of France are carrying
local debts amounting in the aggregate to an immense sum. The debt
of Paris in September, 1880, was 2,295,000,000 francs, or about
$450,000,000. The national debt is well distributed among the
people, there being in 1881 as many as 4,617,900 holders, receiving
851,909,901 francs annually for interest. So long as this interest,
or “rente,” is paid promptly these holders are, for the most part,
content with the government; but should the latter plunge the country
into a costly war, rendering it necessary to suspend payment of the
interest, and jeopardizing resumption of such payments, a popular
revolution would in all probability ensue. This enormous national
debt will indisputably prove a source of weakness to the government
and the nation In the event of a foreign war. The imperial debt of
Germany in 1882 was only $120,197,528. Add to this the debt proper
of Prussia, $493,821,812, and that of the other constituent states
of the empire, $735,608,892, and the total was $1,349,728,232. The
imperial debt of Austro-Hungary the same year was $1,107,978,118,
which, added to the Austrian debt proper, $176,914,016, and the
Hungarian debt proper, $400,532,142, made a total of $1,685,424,276.
The public debt of Italy in 1882 was $2,042,000,000; of Spain,
$1,826,613,093; of Great Britain, $3,814,500,000; of Russia,
$4,314,607,500; of the United States, $1,918,312,294.

Undoubtedly the industrial condition of France is better than that
of any other European country, except Great Britain, Belgium, and
Holland. The French people have been accumulating wealth at a
remarkable rate since the Franco-German war, and in this respect
France is stronger than her great continental neighbors.

The following table, compiled from Mulhall’s “Balance Sheet of
the World,” shows the estimated capital or wealth of a few of the
principal nations of Europe in 1880:

  Nations—         Total wealth.

  Great Britain   $44,800,000,000
  France           37,085,000,000
  Germany          30,375,000,000
  Russia           17,700,000,000
  Austria          15,250,000,000
  Italy             9,300,000,000
  Spain             6,865,000,000
  Holland           5,650,000,000


The next table gives the per capita, or rate of wealth for each
inhabitant, less the per capita of the public debt:

                    Per capita of
  Nations—               wealth.

  Great Britain            $1,185
  France                      900
  Germany                     650
  Russia                      180
  Austria                     335
  Italy                       235
  Spain                       255
  Holland                   1,310

So much for the financial condition of France. As regards her ability
to cope with England in the event of war, it is largely a matter of
opinion. One hazards little in predicting that, if her people stand
united, France is almost impregnable at home to any assault from
Great Britain. So is the latter against any attack from the former,
except in Ireland. On the sea England’s navy is far more than a match
for that of France, whom she would easily strip of all her colonial
possessions; but France, with a few Alabamas, could quite as easily
drive Great Britain’s merchant marine from the high seas, and injure
her commerce even more than the Confederates did ours during the
recent rebellion.


BAROMETRICAL QUERIES.

  WILBER, Kan.

  1. What causes the mercury to sink in a barometer before a
  storm? 2. How do persons foretell the state of the weather from
  the movements of the barometer? 3. How far ahead can storms be
  predicted?

  F. J. ELLIOTT.

_Answer._—The sinking of the mercury in the tube of a barometer is
due to the lightness of the atmosphere, which is indicative, in most
cases, of humidity, or aqueous vapor, in the air. The construction
of a mercurial barometer may be stated in a few words. A glass tube,
about 33 inches in length, open at one end, is filled with mercury,
and while the unsealed end is covered, is inverted in a basin of
mercury. As soon as the cover is removed the mercury in the tube
will flow out until it stands about thirty inches above the mercury
in the basin. At that point the pressure of the air upon the liquid
in the basin is equal to the pressure of the liquid in the tube (the
space in the upper part of the tube being a vacuum) and the flow
ceases. When the air becomes heavier its pressure upon the basin
will be greater and force the mercury in the tube higher; if the air
becomes lighter the mercury in the tube will sink. The barometer
therefore shows directly only the weight of the atmosphere, but
thereby indirectly the future state of the weather is indicated. 2.
This is explained in “Our Curiosity Shop” for 1881, pages 144-5.
3. How far ahead the changes of weather can be predicted depends
upon so many other considerations besides that of the mere weight
of the atmosphere, varying in different seasons of the year and
different localities, that no answer suited to all can be given.
In some instances storms have been predicted from observations of
the barometer alone as much as thirty-six to forty hours before
their arrival. The United States Signal Service bases its weather
predictions not only on barometric phenomena, but on telegraphic
reports from a multitude of stations of the temperature, humidity,
clouds, direction, force and rate of motion of the winds, etc. In
some cases it has given notice of storms starting in the Rocky
Mountains and traveling eastward sixty hours before their arrival on
the Atlantic seaboard.


EXEMPTIONS OF PRE-EMPTIONS AND HOMESTEADS.

  PLANKINGTON, D. T.

  Can a judgment rendered in Iowa eight or ten years ago attach to
  a pre-emption after the latter is proved and title taken from the
  government?

  C. P. WILTON.

_Answer._—It is expressly declared in the homestead law that “no
lands acquired under the provisions of this chapter shall in any
event become liable to the satisfaction of any debt contracted prior
to the issuing of the patent therefor.” There is no such provision
in the pre-emption law. Lands acquired under the latter law are
protected from previous judgments only by the State or Territorial
homestead and exemption laws.


BEST PEDESTRIAN RECORD FOR 100 MILES.

  OREGON. Ill.

  Oblige a reader and settle a dispute by stating whether 100 miles
  has ever been made by any walker or runner in a day of ten hours.
  Also give the quickest time for 100 miles, walking, and the same
  distance running.

  H. W. FARAGHER.

_Answer._—The best record for 100 miles walking, in this country,
is 18 hours, 53 minutes, 4 seconds, by D. O’Leary, of Chicago; the
best in England is 18 hours, 8 minutes, 15 seconds, by William Howes,
London. The best record for 100 miles running, in this country, is 13
hours, 26 minutes, 30 seconds; the best in England is 13 hours, 47
minutes, and 50 seconds.


AGASSIZ, THE NATURALIST.

  SPENCER, Iowa.

  Please give a biographical sketch of Professor Agassiz.

  R. A. COATS.

_Answer._—Louis John Rudolf Agassiz, the son of a Swiss Protestant
clergyman, was born near Lake Neuchatel, May 28, 1807. After
completing his academical course, he studied medicine at Zurich,
Heidelberg, and Munich, preparatory to becoming a physician.
Meanwhile Spix and Martins had returned from Brazil with a valuable
collection of fossil fishes; and when, in 1826, the death of Spix
made it necessary to select some one to continue the classification
of his specimens, the choice fell upon Agassiz, who had already shown
great ability in zoological research. Thus suddenly, at the age
of 18, he began what was to be his life-long study. His next work
was the study of the fresh water fishes of Central Europe, of which
he published a history in 1839. In 1834 he paid his first visit to
England, drawn thither by the tempting field of investigation in the
fossils of the Devonian rocks. At about this time Agassiz commenced a
new classification of fishes, based upon the character of the skin.
Four years later he accepted a professorship at Neuchatel; and while
there published his works on “Fishes of Central Europe.” “Mollusca,”
and “Glaciers.” The last named work was the result of his study with
Charpentier, during the year 1840. In 1847 he came to the United
States, and became Professor of Zoology and Geology in Harvard.
His life in this country was characterized by increased vigor as a
writer. Failing health made a change of climate necessary in 1865,
and with his wife and a company of assistants he visited Brazil.
Later he explored the Southern Atlantic and Pacific shores of North
America, gathering much valuable material for future study. His last
great work was the establishment of a school for the study of marine
zoology, on the island of Penikese, the gift of Mr. John Anderson,
of New York, who also donated $50,000 as a permanent endowment.
Professor Agassiz’s death occurred Dec. 14, 1873.


POSTMASTERS GENERAL AND THE CABINET.

  FAIRBURY, Ill.

  State who was the first Postmaster General of the United States,
  and who was the first Postmaster General admitted to a seat in the
  Cabinet.

  E. E. MCDOWELL.

_Answer._—From the organization of the Federal Government down
to the year 1829, the Postmasters General were not recognized as
members of the Cabinet. The first Postmaster General under the
present Constitution was Samuel Osgood, of Massachusetts, appointed
by President Washington, Sept. 26, 1789. He was regarded as the head
of a bureau. On the accession of President Jackson he nominated
William T. Barry, of Kentucky, to the office of Postmaster General,
and invited him to a seat in the Cabinet, since when the head of the
Postoffice Department has been considered a member of the Cabinet


TO DISTINGUISH SEX OF FOWLS.

  KEARNEY, Neb.

  Is it possible to distinguish the sex of fowls by the noises they
  make?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—An experienced poultry-raiser gives the following rules,
which he says a close observer can soon learn to apply without
mistake: The drake wheezes, the duck quacks. The Guinea cock and hen
both have a peculiar, disagreeable chatter, but the hen sometimes
says “buckwheat” or “go back” which the cock never does. The peacock
can be distinguished, even when only a few months old, by the foxy
red pinion feathers of his wings. In the case of turkeys, the
breastbone of the cock is turned out at the front point, while that
of the hen is straight. As to geese, the gabble of the common, the
Embden and the Toulouse ganders is faster, finer, and higher than
that of the goose, which is a slow, low bass; and the screech of
the gander is fine, loud, and clear, while that of the goose is a
rough bass. Both gander and goose of the English gray geese have a
coarse screech and gabble, but the screech of the goose is lazy and
seems to be partly broken, making two sounds, while the gander gives
one clear, loud screech without any break in it. The screech of the
African gander is loud and hoarse, while that of the goose is clear
and stops abruptly, as if bitten off at the end. The Chinese gander
gives one loud, clear screech, but that of the goose seems to be
broken, making two different sounds, as if the first were made by
forcing her breath out and the other by drawing it back.


INTERNATIONAL DATE LINE.

  ST. PAUL, Minn.

  What is meant by “an international date line?”

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—Every person traveling around the world from west to east,
with his watch or chronometer set to the time of the place at which
he started, will note that the sun comes to his meridian, or noon,
four minutes earlier than his chronometer time for every degree
passed over, one hour for every 15 degrees, and twenty-four hours for
360 degrees, the total circuit of the earth. In other words, every
one who completes such a journey gains a day, and to dispose of this
superfluous day so as to make his reckoning correspond with that of
his starting place, he must call the day on which he gets back (or
on which he passes some certain point or meridian line) and the next
following day of the week and month by the same name and date; thus
having two Mondays, for example, together. On the other hand, every
person traveling from east to west loses a day in making a complete
circuit of the earth, and to correct his calendar must skip one day
of some week.

Suppose it were universally agreed that this correction of the
navigator’s reckoning should be made at the 180th degree of
longitude west and east from Greenwich, Eng., then this would be
the international date line. Unfortunately, now, there is no such
universally accepted line, although most merchant vessels of all
nations do make the correction at the meridian above named. So it
often happens that sailors in the Pacific Ocean, because their
vessels reach the 180th meridian coming eastward on Sunday enjoy
two Sundays together, and going westward have two weeks without any
intervening Sunday. It has been proposed to fix by international
agreement upon this or some other line for this correction of
dates so as to make all ship calendars agree, but thus far a silly
national pride and other insufficient reasons have prevented such an
agreement. The meridian of Rome, as the center from which Christian
civilization was disseminated both towards the East and West, has
been proposed by some. It has the advantage of being nearly upon
the meridian of the most of the great observatories of Europe—those
of Modena, Verona, Naples, Palermo, Padua, Venice, Munich, Leipsic,
Prague, Berlin, Gotha, Copenhagen, Uraniburg, and Christiana. This
would locate the 180th degree of longitude in Behring Straits.

If such a line could be determined, and local calendars the world
over be made to correspond, it would dispose of such absurdities in
reckoning as exist now, when it is a fact that during five hours of
every day there are three different dates in use in different parts
of the world. For example: From 5:10 o’clock a. m. to 10:10 o’clock
a. m. of to-day, Sept. 17, 1883, at Chicago, the inhabitants of the
Navigator Islands, in the Pacific, are in the early part of their
Sept. 18, while those of the Philippine Islands, about sixty degrees
further west, adhering to their old calendar, are finishing Sept.
16. That is to say, from the time any given day of the week and
month begins at the earliest place of reckoning to the time it ends
at the latest place is about fifty-three hours. This is accounted
for by the fact that places discovered and receiving civilization by
Eastern communication from Europe, and those receiving it by Western
communication, took their dates from opposite directions without
allowing for the day lost in circumnavigating the globe in the one
direction and the day gained in circumnavigating it in the other. The
Philippine Islands were discovered by Magellan, sailing westward, and
conquered by a Spanish expedition dispatched from the west coast of
Mexico, which accounts for the use there of a dating later by a day
than that of the neighboring island of Hong Kong, on the China coast,
and the Japanese islands; in fact, the latest dating of any place on
the globe.


CERTAIN RIGHTS OF MARRIED WOMEN.

  FORT WORTH, Texas.

  Is there any State in the Union where a man is not compelled to
  divide his property with his wife in case they separate? 2. What is
  the proper pronunciation of “dude?”

  E. G. HOWARD.

_Answer._—All States, except California and Indiana, give the wife
a dower right in her husband’s property. In case of voluntary
separation, she may agree to waive a part, or all, of her right; or
the husband may concede more than her dower right, and in case the
agreement is reduced to writing and properly acknowledged, it is
binding upon both parties, the separation being in other respects
in conformity with law. In case of a divorce for the wife’s fault,
she loses her dower right. If it is for the husband’s fault, the
court will maintain her dower rights and also award her alimony
proportioned to her husband’s income, to be paid by him at stated
periods. 2. Pronounce it dood.


QUERIES ABOUT NEBRASKA.

  TABOR, Iowa,

  Please inform one of your readers what portion of Nebraska is
  open to homesteaders. Please give some facts in regard to water
  and drought. I am told there are valuable lands, well watered,
  in Custer County. Any facts concerning the lands of Central and
  Western Nebraska will be gladly received.

  HOME-SEEKER.

_Answer._—Most of Nebraska between Ft. Kearney and the western State
line is open to homesteaders, but perhaps the greatest immigration
at this time is to the Niobrara Valley. The Platte Valley is also
very fertile. The agricultural country extends 180 miles west of the
Missouri River, and produces great harvests of grain, flax, hemp,
and all vegetables: while south of latitude 42 degrees the common
small fruits grow in abundance. When Central Kansas and Nebraska
are settled, what is now generally regarded as the “great corn
belt” will be under cultivation. The portion of the State devoted
to grazing comprises 23,000,000 acres, generally well watered, with
Ogallala as a center. Except in the valleys, the water lies from
100 to 200 feet below the surface of the ground, and is obtained
by boring. The sandy tracts are subject to drought, but where the
subsoil is dry clay the ground is usually moist. Custer County is
settling rapidly, although it has the reputation of being sandy, and
adapted for the most part only to grazing. The mean temperature of
the State is in winter from 22 to 30 degrees, and in summer from 70
to 74 degrees. The rainfall (greatest in May and June) averages about
thirty inches in all but the extreme northwestern corner of the State.


FEUDALISM.

  TOLONO, Ill.

  Please give the definition of feudalism?

  H. B. HASKELL.

_Answer._—Feudalism is the state of society in which all landed
property is considered as belonging to the crown. It is apportioned
by the Kings to the nobles, as feudatories, upon condition that
they render annually a certain amount of military service. These
proprietors may, in turn, partition their lands to sub-tenants in
consideration of like military service.

Feudal proprietors at first held their lands from a superior for
life; later as an inheritance. The great feudatories lived in
fortified castles, surrounded by villages of peasants who tilled
their lands. In all matters of jurisprudence they exercised supreme
authority over their dependents. To other feudatory lords each might
stand in the relation of friend or foe, though he met with them as
peers in the periodical councils of the realm. Among the services
required from their dependents or vassals, were military service,
when called upon, contribution toward the expenses of war, toward
ransom of their lord if taken captive, toward marriage expenses of
his son, and dowry of his daughter.


ADELINA PATTI.

  KANKAKEE, ILL.

  Decide whether Adelina Patti is a native of this country, and
  settle a dispute. Also, please tell her true maiden name and the
  main facts of her life.

  Cymbeline.

_Answer._—Adelina Patti’s real name before her marriage was Adele
Juana Maria Patti. She is a native of Spain, being born at Madrid
April 9, 1843. She inherited her talent to some degree from her
mother, Mme. Barilli Patti, a prima donna of no mean reputation. It
is stated that she sang “Norma” at the Grand Theater, Madrid, on the
evening before Adele’s birth, and, as she lost much of the power and
sweetness of her voice after that event, she always maintained that
it had gone from her into the child. Adele has been claimed as an
American, because the family came to this country the next year after
her birth, and her brilliant fame dawned upon her in New York City.
At the age of 9 she made her first appearance before the public, and
made the tour of Canada with Strakosch and Ole Bull. She made her
debut in New York City March 3, 1854, at Paul Jullien’s concert, in
the City Assembly rooms. Then she accompanied Gottschalk, the great
pianist, to the West Indies. It was at this time that she sung in
costume with Signor Barilli at Havana the duet in the “Barber of
Seville” with such effect that the audience became excited to such a
pitch and clamored so wildly for her to reappear that she ran away in
a fright, and nothing could persuade her to return. Returning to New
York she was more popular than ever. It was in November of 1859 that
the managers of the Academy of Music, New York, after a long period
of unprofitable engagements which threatened to end in financial
ruin, brought forward Adelina Patti as Lucia. The result was an
immense success. From that time she was the pet of the metropolis.

She made her debut in London as Amina in “La Somnambula” in 1861. In
England and on the Continent she soon won her way to the first rank
among prima donnas. Devotees of the opera, of all ranks, showered
favors upon her. The Emperor of Russia, in 1870, conferred on her
the Order of Merit. Her voice is an unusually high soprano of
rich, bell-like quality, and remarkable evenness of tone, to which
qualities she adds purity of style and high artistic finish. Equally
at home in the tenderness of deep passion and the sprightly vivacity
of light comedy, she has also sung with success in oratorio. She was
married in London July 29, 1868, to the Marquis de Caux, an almost
impecunious scion of the old French nobility. It was an unhappy
alliance and has ended in a divorce granted by the French courts to
the Marquis, in 1876. According to French law she is not entitled to
marry, but, nevertheless, she now claims to be legally married to
Nicolini.


VOTING—RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS.

  MOUND, La.

  1. Are there not States where citizens over 21 years of age are
  not permitted to vote without a property qualification? 2. If so,
  has the representation of such States in Congress been reduced
  in proportion, as would seem to be required by the United States
  Constitution? 3. Do the peeresses entitled to seats in the English
  House of Lords ever occupy them and vote as members of that body?

  W. R. JOHNSTON.

_Answer._—1. Yes, and we gave their names in these columns recently.
Rhode Island is the most exacting one of them. 2. No. 3. Yes.


COLUMBIA RIVER.

  ONARGA, Ill.

  To settle a dispute, please state the precise place where the
  Columbia River rises. Also give its length, and tell how far it is
  navigable.

  HUGH E. SUTTON.

_Answer._—The Columbia River rises in a trivial lake on the Western
slope of the Rocky Mountains, in latitude 50 deg. 31 min. north, and
longitude 116 deg. west of Greenwich. It is a swift, tortuous stream,
cutting its way through many wild, deep gorges, or canons, and
obstructed by numerous rapids and falls, until it reaches the foot of
the Cascades, a series of rapids where it makes its way through the
Cascade Mountains. Here the scene on either hand is most impressive,
rising in places to the height of sublimity. From where the Clarke
River fork enters to the sea the Columbia forms the boundary between
Oregon and Washington Territory. Its total length is variously
estimated, the best authorities making it between 1,400 and 1,450
miles. It is navigable for sea-going vessels of 300 tons burden to
the head of tide water, at the foot of the Cascades, 160 miles, and
steamboats ply on it above this, both below and above the narrow
known as the Dalles, in all 485 miles more.


THE POET LOWELL.

  POPLAR CREEK, Ill.

  Please give an account of the life of James Russell Lowell.

  H. L. WILSON.

_Answer._—During the war with Mexico there appeared a series of
humorous poems by Hosea Biglow, aimed against the war and slavery,
which made not a little stir, not only in literary circles but in
all classes of society. The real author was James Russell Lowell, a
native of Boston, and already known as a poet through his “Legend
of Brittany,” published in 1844. In 1854 he succeeded Longfellow
as Professor of Modern Languages at Harvard. During 1857-62 he was
editor of the “Atlantic Monthly,” and 1863-72 of the “North American
Review.” In 1869 he published a volume of poems and in 1870 a
second volume, followed in 1871 by “My Study Windows.” Four years
ago he became United States Minister to the Court of St. James. In
literature Mr. Lowell has attained to well-deserved distinction on
both sides of the Atlantic, and as a diplomatist he has acquitted
himself with honor.


HALLOWEEN.

  LANSING, Mich.

  Give the origin and history of Halloween and describe some of the
  sports.

  A READER.

_Answer._—For the origin and history of Halloween see Our Curiosity
Shop for 1880, page 31. Some of the most common of the sports
connected with it are these: If you go down the cellar stairs
backwards or into a dark room, holding a lighted candle in one hand
and a looking-glass in the other, the face of your “destiny” will
appear over your left shoulder. Walk around the house three times
with a broom over your right shoulder, and you will see the same
person, or go down cellar backwards combing your hair and carrying
a candle. These things must be done at exactly midnight. Let some
one of a company “name” a number of apples, and drop them in a
pail of water. Let each of the others try to take one out with the
teeth alone, and so decide his or her fate. For other sports and
superstitions associated with Halloween see “Chambers’ Book of Days.”


MARINE HISTORY—“OLD-TIMERS.”

  FRANKFORT, Mich.

In answer to H. H. H., of Chicago, who asks in Our Curiosity Shop
which is the oldest lake craft now in service, I will say: The
oldest lake craft now in service is said to be the Racine, built at
Cleveland in 1844; the next is Genesee Chief, 1846. Among some of the
other old-timers still in service are the barge Seminole, 38 years
old; Pilgrim, 35 years; Two Brothers, 37 years; Reindeer, 35 years;
schooners Arcturus, 30 years; Cascade, 30 years; Elbe, 30 years;
Sonora, 29 years; Clipper City, 29 years; Vermont, 30 years; Pilot,
35 years; Harriet Ross, age unknown. The oldest American vessel
now coasting on the ocean is the bark Amethyst, built in 1822. The
following will prove of interest to old Chicagoans, who will no
doubt recollect the circumstances: The first craft built in Chicago
was the sloop Clarisa, 1836; the first steamboats, James Allen, 213
tons; G. W. Dole, 162 tons burden, built in 1838. The first sail
arrival at Chicago was the schooner General Tracy, from Detroit,
in 1803. The first steamer arrival was the Superior, with United
States troops, in 1832. The first tugboat in Chicago harbor was the
Archimedes, a side-wheeler, exploded in 1852. The schooner Illinois
was the first sail craft to enter the Chicago River over the bar,
July 14, 1834. The schooners La-Grange, United States, Oregon, and
Illinois were some of the pioneer packet vessels sailing between
Buffalo and Chicago in 1830, carrying passengers and freight. The
little steamer called Chicago plied on the river, and in 1836 carried
the Governor and party up to Bridgeport, where the first shovelful of
sand was dug for the canal.

In connection with the above, to show what a vessel can do in her
time, I will mention as an example: The old packet ship Great
Western, built over forty years ago, plying between New York and
Liverpool, 1,800 tons burden. This vessel sailed twenty-nine years in
the packet line without losing one of her crew; also during 116 trips
she never lost a sail or spar. She has carried 30,000 passengers from
Europe to America; 200 marriages, and 1,500 births occurred on board
of her. Ten years ago she was sent to the Pacific Ocean, being a very
successful craft. She caught fire and burned to the water’s edge in
San Francisco during the past summer. For marine history of United
States, see my articles in THE DAILY INTER OCEAN, May 10, 1882, July
28, etc.

  CHARLES BURMEISTER.


TO POSTMASTERS.

  FAIRMOUNT, Minn.

  What is the object of the little patch of leather, open at the top,
  riveted to the inside of some of the United States mail-bags, not
  far from the top? I have inquired of several persons, including
  postmasters at one or two places, but none of them seem to know.
  Only about one in three or four mail-bags have it.

  A FRIEND.

_Answer._—The small pouch you refer to is a pocket for any memorandum
the postmaster may wish to send with the bag. In case a mail-bag
anywhere in the Northwest needs repairs it should be sent to the
Chicago Postoffice, which has a repair shop connected with it. The
postmaster sending such a bag should put in this pouch a memorandum
showing from what office it is sent. This is but one of many
instances in which it serves a good purpose. It is to be found only
in the new mail-bags.


STRONG DRINK OF THE HEBREWS.

  VICTORIA, Neb.

  We read that in the time of Samuel there were people who drank
  no wine or any strong drink. Are we to suppose that they had any
  stronger drink than fermented wine? Had they any distilled spirits?

  READER.

_Answer._—By “strong drink” in the Old Testament we are not to
understand distilled spirits, for alcohol was not discovered until
the present era. The term refers to three beverages of the Jews—date
honey, date or palm wine unfermented, and palm wine rendered
intoxicating by fermentation, or by the admixture of stupifying
ingredients while boiling. The latter was preferred, as fermentation
made the wine bitter and harsh.


THE FATHERS ON PROTECTIVE TARIFF.

  DAVENPORT, Iowa.

  On what authority does Our Curiosity Shop class Washington,
  Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and, still more strange to say, General
  Jackson with the advocates of protective tariff?

  FREE TRADER.

_Answer._—The first Congress that assembled under our present
Constitution passed the first tariff. In the preamble to that act
it is expressly affirmed that such tariff was necessary “to pay
the public debt, provide revenue, etc., and for the protection
and encouragement of American manufactures.” The necessity of
such protection was urged in the messages of Presidents George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison James Monroe, John Q.
Adams, and Andrew Jackson. In his annual message of Dec. 15, 1802,
among other proper objects of government, Jefferson enumerates the
following; “To foster our fisheries as nurseries of navigation and
for the nurture of man; and to _protect the manufactures_ adapted
to our circumstances.” In his annual message of 1806, apprehending
a surplus revenue, he says; “To what other objects shall these
surpluses be appropriated, and the whole surplus of impost after
the entire discharge of the public debt? Shall we suppress the
impost (or tariff) and give that advantage to foreign over domestic
manufactures?” He then suggests that on a few articles the impost
might be wisely suppressed, but in regard to the great mass of them
he says; “The patriotism of the people would prefer its continuance
and application to the great purposes of public education, roads,
rivers, canals, and other objects of public improvement.” In his
message of Nov. 8, 1808, after referring with gratification to the
increase of “internal manufactures and improvements,” he expresses
the hope that such establishments of manufacturing industry “formed
and forming, will, under the auspices of cheaper materials and
substance, the freedom of labor from taxation with us, and of
_protecting duties_ and _prohibitions_, become permanent.” Says
President Monroe, in his inaugural address of March 5, 1817; “Our
manufactures will likewise require the systematic and fostering care
of the government. Possessing, as we do, all the raw materials,
the fruit of our own soil and industry, we ought not to depend, in
the degree we have done, on supplies from other countries. It is
important, too, that the capital which nourishes our manufactures
should be domestic, as its influences in that case, instead
of exhausting, as it may do in foreign hands, would be felt
advantageously for agriculture and every other branch or industry.
Equally important is it to provide at home a market for our raw
materials, as by extending the competition it will enhance the price
and protect the cultivator against the casualties incident to foreign
markets.”

In his message of Dec. 7, 1830, General Jackson says: “The power to
impose duties on imports originally belonged to the several States.
The right to adjust these duties, with the view to the encouragement
of domestic branches of industry, is so completely incidental to
that power, that it is difficult to suppose the existence of the
one without the other.” He proceeds to say that the denial of the
right of the Federal Government “to exercise this power for the
purpose of protection would he to present the anomaly of a people
stripped of the right to foster their own industry, and to counteract
the most selfish and destructive policy which might be adopted by
foreign nations. This surely cannot be the case. This indispensable
power, thus surrendered by the States, must be within the scope of
the authority on the subject expressly delegated to Congress. In
this conclusion I am confirmed as well by the opinions of Presidents
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, who have each repeatedly
recommended the exercise of this right under the Constitution, as by
the uniform practice of Congress, the continued acquiescence of the
States, and the general understanding of the people.” In a letter to
Dr. Coleman, of North Carolina, dated at Washington City, April 20,
1824, General Jackson wrote: “If we omit or refuse to use the gifts
which Providence has extended to us, we deserve not the continuation
of His blessing. He has filled our mountains and our plains with
minerals—with lead, iron, and copper—and given us a climate and soil
for the growing of hemp and wool. These being the great materials of
our National defense, they ought to have extended to them adequate
protection; that our manufacturers and laborers may be placed in a
fair competition with those of Europe, and that we have within our
country a supply of those leading and important articles so essential
to war. I will ask what is the real situation of the agriculturist?
Where has the American farmer a market for his surplus produce?
Except for cotton he has neither a foreign nor a home market. Common
sense at once points out the remedy. Take from agriculture in the
United States 600,000 men, women, and children and you will at once
give a market for more breadstuffs than all Europe now furnishes us.
In short, sir, we have been too long subject to the policy of British
merchants. It is time we should become a little more Americanized,
and instead of feeding paupers and laborers of England, feed our own,
or else in a short time, by continuing our present policy, we shall
be rendered paupers ourselves.” In consonance with these sentiments,
Jackson, together with Martin Van Buren and Silas Wright, the
leaders of the Northern Democracy, and the great mass of the Jackson
representatives from the free States, voted for the tariff of 1828,
the highest protective tariff ever levied in this country before the
war of the rebellion. In the next subsequent decade the Democratic
party, led by the cotton States, and determined to defeat the Whig
party led by the great Protectionist, Henry Clay, espoused free trade.


DON CARLOS.

  KINGMAN, Kan.

  Who and what was Don Carlos?

  A READER.

_Answer._—1. There was a Don Carlos in the sixteenth century. He was
the son of Philip II., of Spain; was born at Valladolid in 1545, and
recognized as heir to the throne in 1560. But owing to his dullness
at school, and distaste for study, the King deemed him unfit to reign
over his subjects, and invited the Prince’s cousin, the Archduke
Rudolf, to Spain, intending to educate him for the throne. Jealous
of this usurper, Don Carlos conceived a strong dislike to all the
King’s counselors, whom he plotted to destroy. But having foolishly
divulged to his confessor that he intended to murder some one, that
some one was suspected to be the King. The stupid Prince was tried
and convicted of high treason, and left to the mercy of the King.
Philip declared that he could make no exception in favor of such an
ungrateful son, but there is found no formal record of any sentence
of death. Don Carlos died soon afterward, at the age of 23. 2. The
Don Carlos who has of late years been causing so much trouble in
Spain, as a pretender to the throne, is the eldest son of the brother
of King Fernando VII. His wife is Princess Marguerite, of Bourbon,
daughter of Duke Carlos III., of Parma. He is a brother of the
ex-Queen Isabella, and uncle to the present King.


EDUCATION AND CHRISTIAN BENEVOLENCE.

  WEXFORD, Mich.

  What proportion of the benevolent and educational institutions in
  the United States are built and operated by Christians, and what by
  infidels?

  F. J. HALL.

_Answer._—In the report of the United States Commissioner of
Education for 1880 the following statistics of schools in the United
States not under State control are given: One hundred and sixty-two
commercial and business colleges, generally self-supporting, and
unconnected with, or not dependent on, Christian or other benevolent
organizations or private benevolence. There were 232 kindergartens,
most of which were private schools and self-supporting. Such as were
charity schools, like the free kindergartens of certain cities, were
supported, for the most part, by Christian benevolence. There were
1,264 “schools of secondary instruction,” such as seminaries and
academies; 355 asylums for orphans, 142 theological schools, and
227 “institutions for the superior instruction of women.” Most of
all four classes of schools were and still are under the direction
of Roman Catholics, Protestants or Hebrews. Of the 364 universities
and colleges, only eighty are marked non-sectarian, and to these
institutions are attached nearly all the 310 theological, law, and
medical schools. There are forty-nine schools of science, (mining,
engineering, agriculture, etc.), endowed with the National land
grants, apportioned to the several States under act of 1862, the
States providing in nearly every instance the grounds, buildings,
apparatus, etc., and supplementing the income of the endowment
fund. Even many of these schools, such as Purdue University,
Indiana, Illinois Industrial University, and others, are indebted to
private individuals, or county and city subscriptions for handsome
contributions in money, lands, etc. Then there are thirty-five
schools and collegiate departments of science not endowed by
the National land grants or State grants, but almost wholly the
product of private benefactions, the benefactors in nearly all
cases being pronounced Christian philanthropists. The benefactions
to educational institutions of the United States, (mostly
denominational), in the years ending with 1880, amounted to about
$60,000,000.

If by “infidels,” you intend persons who disclaim all faith in
Christianity, then it is doubtful if any of the above institutions
were founded or are sustained to any degree worthy of mention, by
an infidel. Even Girard, the founder of Girard College was not an
out and out atheist or deist, though he was bitterly opposed to all
existing sects, and had a strong aversion to the clergy of every
denomination.


GENERAL E. R. S. CANBY.

  ANN ARBOR, Mich.

  Tell us something about General Canby.

  A. B. D.

_Answer._—Edward Richard Spriggs Canby LL. D., was born in Kentucky
in 1807, graduated at West Point in 1839, and spent the remainder of
his life on the warpath. His first post was in Florida (1839-42),
but he was little known until the war with Mexico, when he fought
with such valor at Cherubusco and the City of Mexico as to win the
brevets of major and lieutenant colonel. From 1849 to 1861 he served
on the Pacific coast, in Washington, and Utah Territory, and against
the Navajoes, and at the outbreak of the civil war took command in
New Mexico, where he was brevetted brigadier general at Valverde. Two
years later he was commander of the expedition which captured Mobile,
and there won the title of brevet major general. Soon afterward
Generals R. Taylor and E. K. Smith surrendered to him. In 1866 he was
made a brigadier general in the regular army.

In 1869, having served in several important commissions, and being
worn out, he voluntarily consented to take charge of the Department
of Columbia; and there he was treacherously shot by the chief “Jack,”
April 11, 1873, while trying to arrange for the removal of the Modocs
from Northern California.


“PRECESSION OF THE EQUINOXES.”

  BLUNT, D.T.

  Please explain in the Curiosity Shop the meaning of the expression
  “Precession of the Equinoxes,” and how the climate of the earth is
  affected by this phenomenon?

  ARTHUR SNOW.

_Answer._—As the plane of the earth’s orbit crosses the equator at an
angle of about 23½ degrees, the attractive force of the sun, moon,
and planets, constantly exerted upon the earth, has a tendency to
tilt the pole away from the sun and to draw the equator toward it. As
a consequence, the sun crosses the equator each time a little farther
west than the point where it crossed the last time preceding, and
where it would have crossed on its return if there were no disturbing
force. Originally it was said that the equinoctial point, or place of
crossing, went forward to meet the sun, and hence this phenomenon was
called the precession of the equinoxes. But, from the fact that the
equinoctial point really falls backwards on the celestial equator,
toward the west, each time about 50 seconds of a degree, it is now
very frequently termed the recession of the equinoxes. In consequence
of this recession the seasons begin a little earlier each year,
and it is estimated that in 12,800 years they will be reversed, our
summer occurring when the sun is in the constellation that he now
traverses in winter time. It requires about 25,000 years for the sun
to complete one circuit of precession of the equinoxes.


COMET OF 1812 AND 1813.

  LAKE FOREST, Ill.

  Is it true that the comet now coming into view is the same as the
  one of 1812? When will it become plainly visible to the naked eye,
  and when will it be nearest the sun?

  STAR-GAZER.

_Answer._—It is generally admitted that the comet discovered by
Professor Brooks on the 5th of September last, and now visible, with
the aid of a good opera or field glass, in the constellation Draco,
between the “Great Dipper,” in Ursa Major, and the “Northern Cross,”
in the Constellation Cygnus, is identical with the comet of 1812,
which was believed by the superstitious to prognosticate our last
war with Great Britain. It will reach perihelion, or the point in
its orbit nearest the sun, Jan. 25. It will increase in brightness
rapidly from the first of December, and be plainly visible to the
naked eye by the middle of that month. At its brightest it will
be brighter than in 1812, but it will not equal at any time the
magnificent comet of 1882. The period, as calculated in 1812, was
70.6 years. As the interval between its perihelion time, Sept. 15,
1812, and its perihelion passage, Jan. 25, 1884, will be but 71.5
years, it is not strange astronomers—considering the imperfections
of astronomical science and art then as compared with the state of
astronomy now—are not surprised at this small error in this comet’s
calculated orbital period.


LONGEVITY OF THE CIRCASSIAN RACE.

  _Garden City_, Kan.

  Is it a fact that the longevity of our race is on the increase? If
  so, what are the data from which this conclusion is reached? Is our
  physical strength on the increase, and what is the evidence? It has
  been agreed to leave these questions to you. One of the parties
  to the dispute is an ex-judge of the Supreme Court of one of the
  greatest States in the Union.

  J. W. HOLMES, M. D.

_Answer._—The above questions having been referred to one of the
highest medical authorities in the West, a member of a State Board of
Health, he replies as follows:

“It is a fact that the longevity of our race [i. e., the Caucasian
or white race] is on the increase. Statistics published by the
British Registrar show that during the last 150 years the average
length of human life in the British Islands has been increased by
nearly one-third. It is also true that the physique of the race is
improving. I am sorry that I have not time to look up references for
you; but any reasonably well-equipped life-insurance agent should be
able to furnish them readily for the first question; and the _Journal
of Anthropology_ would supply evidence enough for the second. Dr.
Nathan Allen, of Lowell, Mass., has made the subject a special study.”


RAILROADS IN ILLINOIS.

  COOPERSTOWN, Ill.

  How many companies are there owning railroads in Illinois?

  E. P. R.

_Answer._—According to the commissioner’s report for 1880-81, there
were during the year fifty-four railroad companies operating
roads in Illinois. Poor’s “Manual” gives the names of sixty-five
companies operating roads in the State in 1882. It is difficult to
state how many companies own these roads, for every year many of
them change hands by lease or sale. There are more companies owning
roads than there are operating companies. For instance, during the
years 1880-81 six railroads were merged into the Wabash system,
another was purchased by the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad
Company, and still another was leased for an indefinite period by
the Cincinnati, Indianapolis, St. Louis and Chicago. Probably the
next annual report of the Railroad and Warehouse Commission will show
exactly how many proprietary companies are still in existence. We
have no data for an answer to your other question.


FOREIGN IMMIGRATION.

  MOUNT VERNON, Iowa.

  From what countries is most of the immigration to the United
  States? What proportion of the immigrants can read and write? Are
  any of them well educated? What was the immigration last year?

  F. P. F.

_Answer._—During the sixty years included between 1820 and 1880, the
following countries were represented in the immigration to the United
States, as here shown:

  England                   894,444
  Ireland                 3,065,761
  Scotland                  159,547
  Wales                      17,893
  Netherlands                44,319
  Poland                     14,831
  Portugal                    9,062
  Russia                     38,316
  Austria-Hungary            65,588
  Belgium                    23,267
  Denmark                    48,620
  France                    313,716
  Germany                 3,002,027
  Greece                        385
  Spain                      28,091
  Sweden and Norway         306,092
  Switzerland                83,709
  Turkey                        619
  Italy                      70,181
  All other countries     1,161,875

Most of the immigrants from Sweden and Norway, Germany, Austria,
Denmark, Netherlands, and Scotland, are able to read and write; the
majority of the others are illiterate. Many are very well educated,
having enjoyed college privileges, and the advantages of travel. The
total number of immigrants during 1882, was 788,992.


BASE OF THE METRICAL SYSTEM.

  OMAHA, Neb.

  Is it true that the unit of the metrical system is exactly the
  ten-millionth part of a quadrant of the earth, measured on a
  meridian? Please answer and settle a controversy.

  AARON.

_Answer._—It is not true. After all the pains taken by scientists to
obtain the exact measure of a quadrant of a meridian of the earth,
it is now conceded that this problem is still unsolved. In the
latter part of last century, certain French astronomers and geodetic
surveyors persuaded the French Academy of Sciences that they had
succeeded in measuring so much of such an arc as enabled them to
accurately determine the whole arc by geometrical calculations. In
this belief what is now known as the metric system of measures was
constructed, and under the French Republic, in 1795, the existing
standards of French measures were adopted, based on the meter, the
ten-millionth part of the earth’s meridian quadrant as thus computed.
According to this a meter is 39.368 American inches, or 39.37 English
inches. But while later surveys have failed to determine the quadrant
with absolute certainty, it is conceded that they have demonstrated
the inaccuracy of the earlier surveys and computations, and what is
now generally accepted as a very close approximation to an exact
measure shows that the standard French meter falls short of the
ten-millionth part of the earth’s meridional quadrant by its 1-5,400
part. That is, according to the progress of more extended geodetic
measurements, brought down to 1875, the earth’s meridional quadrant
exceeds 10,000,000 meters by about 1,850 meters. Nevertheless the
International Bureau of Weights and Measures very wisely adheres to
the original standard meter, represented by the platinum meter of the
French archives as the fundamental unit of the metric system.


EXECUTING FOR WITCHCRAFT.

  OSHKOSH, Wis.

  Will our Curiosity Shop please tell us the facts about witchcraft
  at Salem and elsewhere. Respecting Salem witchcraft, give causes,
  number killed, cruelties practiced, and names and characters of the
  men upholding the persecutions?

  H. F. FEHLANDT.

_Answer._—The Salem witchcraft was only one of the results of the
superstition, as old almost as man himself, that certain persons,
through intimate connection with the spirit world, possess superhuman
influence for evil over their fellow-men. The early Christians
inherited the idea from their pagan forefathers, and in 1484 Pope
Innocent issued a bull directing the inquisitors to search out
and punish all guilty of such crimes. For nearly three centuries
following the delusion reigned, so that in Germany alone more than
10,000 persons were executed in consequence of this bull, and in
England, during the 150 years following the reign of Elizabeth, over
30,000 persons were sacrificed to this wild superstition. In fact
witches were hung in the latter country as late as 1716, and in
Scotland until 1722. Under these circumstances it is not strange that
Englishmen in America partook of the fanatical excitement, and when
in 1688 four children of John Goodwin, a respectable man in North
Boston, began to show strange symptoms, immediately after receiving
abuse from a disreputable Irish woman, the people should at once
attribute them to witchcraft; the more so since three Bostonians
had been hung already for that offense, and lately a book had been
published in defense of the popular belief. Four years later the
excitement culminated at Salem. The first alleged victims were in
the family of Samuel Parris, a clergyman. His daughter, niece, and
two other girls began to show symptoms like those of the Goodwin
children, and accused Tituba, an Indian squaw in the family, of
bewitching them, though she stoutly protested her Innocence. Soon
the number of bewitched increased, and likewise the number of
accused. The excitement grew, being constantly fanned by those
who should have been foremost in checking it. None were safe from
accusation, and many, to save their own lives, accused their dearest
friends and relatives. When Sir William Phipps became Governor of
Massachusetts, in May, 1692, his first act was the appointment of a
court for Suffolk, Essex, and Middlesex, consisting of seven judges:
William Stoughton, the Lieutenant Governor; Chief Justice Nathaniel
Saltonstal, who refused to act, and was replaced by Jonathan Curwin;
John Richards, Bartholomew Gedney, Wait Winthrop, Samuel Sewall, and
Peter Sergeant. Cotton Mather and Samuel Parris were among the chief
Instigators of the prosecutions that followed. Under this tribunal
twenty persons were hung, fifty or more tortured into confession of
guilt; the jails were filled, and hundreds more were under suspicion,
when the reason of the community awoke to a realization of the
injustice and barbarity of such proceedings, and fanaticism was soon
succeeded by bitter remorse. There is not space here to enumerate
many of the tortures employed to extort confessions. The lash, the
stocks, binding the sufferers in painful postures, as with neck and
heels together; starvation and thirst, and other barbarities were
exercised, until hundreds falsely accused themselves, their friends
and neighbors, and even their dearest relatives, to obtain release.


AN ARMY LEGION.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please state how many men the Austrian and Belgic legions enlisted
  for the service of Maximilian I. of Mexico, contained. I would like
  to know somewhere near the number, whether it was 500 or 5,000 men.

  CHARLES SEYMOUR.

_Answer._—It is impossible to give a definite answer to this
question. The military term “legion” was not a very definite term,
as regards numbers, even in the case of the old Roman legion, where
it corresponded somewhat to the modern “army corps.” Sometimes it
numbered 3,000 men and at others 6,000 or more. In 1792 the whole
army of the United States was officially designated the “Legion of
the United States” the Infantry regiments being styled “sub-legions.”
This was not a popular organization and nomenclature with army men,
and was soon abandoned. The term has been applied in modern times
to divisions in the German, French, and other European armies,
variously organized, and numbering from 2,500 to 5,000 men. It would
be impossible, without reference to official records of Maximilian’s
government, to say what number of Belgians and Austrians were
enlisted in his service; but it was less than 10,000 all told, and
most likely, judging from facts in our possession, not more than
7,000.


RAPHAEL’S SUPREME MADONNA.

  WINCHESTER, Ill.

  Where was the Sistine Madonna executed? Where and by whom was it
  taken to Dresden?

  MAGGIE HUSTON.

_Answer._—The “Madonna di San Sisto” was executed by Raphael as an
altar-piece for the Church of St. Sixtus at Piacenza, in Northern
Italy. It is perhaps the most widely known of Raphael’s works, and
universally regarded one of his supreme efforts. Mrs. Jameson,
renowned as an art critic, says of it; “For myself, I have seen my
ideal once, and once only, there where Raphael—inspired, if ever a
painter was inspired—projected on the space before him that wonderful
creature which we style the Madonna di San Sisto.” It was painted
between 1517 and 1520. We are not positive as to when and by whom
it was removed to Dresden, but think it was during the reign of
Frederick Augustus II., King of Saxony from 1797 to 1854. This King
did more than any of his predecessors to embellish Dresden.


AUTHOR OF “THE FLAG OF OUR UNION.”

  STANBERRY, Mo.

  Will your Curiosity Shop give a short sketch of the author of the
  poem entitled, “The Flag of Our Union”?

  J. M. H.

_Answer._—George P. Morris was a native of Pennsylvania, born
in 1802. From early manhood he followed journalism, and was the
originator of the two newspapers, _The Mirror_ and _The National
Press_. For several years he was associated with N. P. Willis, and,
under their united efforts, the _Mirror_ became a leading literary,
magazine, having among its contributors Poe, Bryant, Halleck, and
Paulding. In 1853 Morris and Willis edited “Prose and Poetry of
Europe and America.” His reputation, however, chiefly rests upon his
original poems, and of these the most familiar are “Woodman, Spare
that Tree,” and “The Flag of Our Union.”


PENSIONS OF SOLDIERS OF 1812.

  HAZELHURST, Miss.

  Are the soldiers of 1812 entitled to pensions or land warrants? If
  so, how may they obtain them?

  H. J. BRAINARD.

_Answer._—By the act of Congress, approved March 9, 1878, any soldier
of the war of 1812, or his widow, is entitled to a pension of $8 a
month, provided he is not already receiving that amount, or more, as
a pension; or, if receiving a pension of less amount, he is entitled
to enough more to raise it to $8 per month. In addition he may claim
160 acres as a land warrant, granted to all soldiers who fought in
the American army before 1855. For further information write to the
Commissioner of Pensions, W. W. Dudley, Washington, D. C.


COUNTY LICENSES FOR DRAM-SHOPS.

  HAMILTON, Iowa.

  Can whisky be sold in Illinois outside of the corporate limits of a
  city by the drink? Are they not limited, under government license,
  to quantities of one gallon or more?

  READER.

_Answer._—Spirituous liquors cannot be legally sold in quantities
of less than one gallon in any part of Illinois without a license,
either from city, incorporated town, or village or county
authorities. Counties are empowered to license dram-shops outside of
incorporated cities, towns, etc.


CERTAIN CANADIAN AND AMERICAN CITIES.

  RIVERTON, Iowa.

  1. What is the population of the four largest cities of Canada and
  the four largest cities of the United States next the Canadian
  border? 2. If a man having a family takes a homestead claim must he
  forfeit his claim if his family refuse to accompany him?

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—1. In Canada: Montreal, 140,863; Toronto, 86,455; Quebec,
62,446, and Hamilton, 35,065. In the United States: Cleveland,
155,946; Buffalo, 149,500; Detroit, 116,340; Toledo, 50,143. 2. No.


M. TAINE, THE AUTHOR.

  OMAHA, Neb.

  Can you give me some information regarding M. Taine, author of a
  “History of English Literature?” 2. Where does Louis Kossuth reside?

  DON QUIXOTE.

_Answer._—Hippolyte Adolphe Taine, one of the foremost essayists and
critics of our time, was born at Vouziers in Ardennes, France, April
21, 1828. After completing his education at the College Bourbon
and the normal school of Paris, he published several works which
attracted attention, and marked him as a polemic writer of power. In
1864 he was given the professorship of æsthetics in the School of
Fine Art, Paris. Besides his controversial writings he has published
several works on art and literature. 2. In Turin, Italy.


FATHER TAYLOR.

  VESPER, Wis.

  Please give a short sketch of, “Father Taylor,” the sailor-preacher
  in Boston.

  S. BOYNTON.

_Answer._—Edward T. Taylor, better known as “Father Taylor,” was
a sailor during the war of 1812, and first acted a preacher while
a prisoner at Dartmoor, England. In 1819 he was ordained by the
American M. E. Church, and in 1828 was appointed to the Seamen’s
Bethel, in Boston. Warm-hearted and quick-witted, he won the hearts
of the rough men there, and from them received his “title.” He
revisited England in 1832, and traveled in Palestine in 1842. During
the famine of 1846 in Ireland he was chaplain in the United States
relief frigate. He was born in 1794, in Virginia, and died in 1871.


LONDON.

  COLUMBUS, Wis.

  Please give us the derivation of the word “London.”

  WILL SMITH.

_Answer._—There is a fable that London was founded by Brute, a
descendant of Æneas, and called New Troy, or Troy-novant, until the
time of Lud, who surrounded it with walls and named it Caer Lud,
or Lud’s town. But Haydn’s “Dictionary of Dates” contradicts this
statement, and writes the old name Llyndin, meaning “the town on the
lake.” The name is evidently of Celtic origin. It is claimed by some
that there was a city on that same spot 1107 B. C., and it is known
that the Romans found a city there called Londinium, A. D. 61.


THE HULLS—ALEXANDER HAMILTON.

  LAWLER, Iowa.

  1. Was General Hull, who surrendered at Detroit, a relative of
  Commodore Hull, of the United States frigate Constitution? 2. Of
  what nationality was Alexander Hamilton?

  D. HALL.

_Answer._—l. The distinguished revolutionary soldier, General William
Hull, who was afterward condemned for surrendering to the British at
Detroit early in the war of 1812-15, was an uncle of the naval hero
who commanded the Constitution for a time. 2. Alexander Hamilton
was born on the British West India island, Nevis, one of the lesser
Antilles.


OLD POSTAL RATES.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Will you please inform us what the postal rates have been since the
  foundation of the system, and particularly the rates to Europe? If
  not convenient to give the latter for the whole period, give them
  for twenty years ago.

  J. M.

_Answer._—A detailed reply to this question cannot fail to interest
the readers of Our Curiosity Shop, since it will enable them to
appreciate more fully the strides of progress made in interstate
communication since this government was formed. It is impossible
to fully estimate the service cheap postage on letters, newspapers
magazines, and books, and of late on seeds, samples of merchandise,
etc., has rendered in the marvelous intellectual, moral, and
material development of this country. The postal service is one
of the most beneficent, as it is one of the most potent, forces
in the control of the Federal Government. As a bond of union
between the States its influence is of inestimable value. It is a
life-long school of patriotism, minifying and almost annihilating
the alienating force of distances, keeping the links of friendship
bright and strong between old friends scattered throughout the land,
familiarizing voters with the condition of all parts of the country,
and fostering the common good in innumerable ways.

From the organization of the Postoffice Department, in 1786, to 1816
the rates on domestic letters (or letters for any place within the
United States) were as follows: “For each piece of paper of which a
single letter, or letter packet, may be composed,” under 40 miles, 8
cents; under 90 miles, 10 cents; under 150 miles, 12½ cents; under
300 miles, 17 cents; under 500 miles, 20 cents; over 500 miles 25
cents.

In 1816 the following schedule went into force: For a single letter
carried not over 30 miles, 6¼ cents; less than 80 miles, 10 cents;
less than 150 miles, 12½ cents; less than 400 miles, 18¾ cents; over
400 miles, 25 cents. Provisions for mailing newspapers were made
as follows: Newspapers, under 100 miles or within the State where
published, 1 cent; over 100 miles and out of the State, 1½ cents.

By the act of March 3, 1845, the rates were modified as follows: For
each letter weighing less than half an ounce, if carried less than
300 miles, 5 cents; over 300 miles, 10 cents; each additional half
ounce, double rates; drop letters delivered from the office where
posted, 2 cents. The newspaper rates were: For papers containing
less than 1,900 square inches, 1 cent each, if delivered within the
State where printed and mailed, or out of the State but within 100
miles of publication office; for any greater distance, 1½ cents each;
if conveyed less than 30 miles, free. Papers measuring over 1,900
square inches were charged magazine postage. Magazines, pamphlets,
and other printed works were charged 2½ cents for the first ounce,
and 1 cent for each additional ounce or fraction of an ounce, for
any distance whatever. Bound books were unmailable. Carriage by
private individuals on mail carriages, or by express, thenceforward,
was prohibited. Two years later transient newspaper rates were
raised to 3 cents, and prepayment was required; postage on unsealed
circulars was raised from 2 cents to 3; newspaper postage to Oregon
and California was placed at 4½ cents, and letters, via Chagres and
Panama, 40 cents; between post towns in California, 12½ cents.

In 1849 the postage on transient newspapers was reduced to ordinary
rates, but prepayment was maintained.

In 1851 the single letter was defined by weight instead of by piece,
at a half ounce or under, and rates were greatly cheapened, as
follows: For a single letter under 3,000 miles, 3 cents, if prepaid;
otherwise, 5 cents; over 3,000 miles, 6 cents, or 12 cents. The
postage on newspapers, which had been almost prohibitory in the early
days, and had been maintained at high rates until this time, was now
(1851) greatly reduced, as will be seen by comparing the following
quarterly charges with the charges per copy given above:

Weekly newspapers, to actual subscribers in the county, free; under
50 miles and out of county where published, 5 cents a quarter; over
50 and under 300 miles, 10 cents; over 300 and under 1,000 miles,
15 cents; over 1,000 and under 2,000, 20 cents; over 2,000 and
under 4,000, 25 cents; over 4,000, 30 cents. Postage on transient
newspapers and circulars was also proportionately reduced, and books
under 32 ounces were admitted to mail at 1 cent an ounce if prepaid,
if not prepaid 2 cents.

Slight changes were made in 1852 and 1855, but it was reserved for
the Congress of 1863 to make the next great step forward by making
the rate of postage on all domestic letters uniform throughout the
Union, at 3 cents for each half ounce or fraction thereof. At the
same time the quarterly postage on newspapers and periodicals sent
to subscribers, and not exceeding 4 cents, was made uniform for all
distances, at the following rates; Weekly, 5 cents; semi-weekly,
10 cents; tri-weekly, 15 cents; six times a week, 30 cents; seven
times, 35 cents. But in 1868 the law was so amended as to allow
weekly newspapers to go to regular subscribers in the county free.
No modification of domestic letter rates occurred after this until
the new postal law of this year, which went into effect Oct. 1,
reducing the single letter rate to 2 cents. An important change as
to newspapers and periodicals was made in 1872, requiring prepayment
in advance either at the mailing or the delivery office. In 1874 it
was made payable at mailing office exclusively, and a still more
important change was made in the reduction of the rate on such matter
to only 2 cents per pound or fraction thereof.

Stamps and stamped envelopes were first introduced in 1851, the
registry of valuable letters in 1855, the carrier delivery system in
1863, the money-order system Nov. 1, 1864, the postal-cards, at 1
cent each, in 1872.

The foreign postal rates not being subject to the will of this
government only, but being a matter of international agreement, will
be treated in a separate article.


STEAM PLOWS.

  WEBSTER CITY, Iowa.

  When and where were steam plows first used? How are they
  constructed, and how many acres will they plow per hour?

  H. C. B.

_Answer._—An apparatus for steam plowing was first patented in the
United States Nov. 19, 1833, by E. C. Bellinger, of South Carolina.
It was not received with sufficient favor by farmers or planters to
encourage the manufacture of the machines. In England, Francis Moor
took out a patent as early as 1769 for an engine to plow, harrow, and
do other farm work without the aid of horses. Several other attempts
at inventing steam plows were made, but all to no practical purpose,
until 1810, when a Major Pratt patented a steam-plowing apparatus,
employing two engines stationed on opposite headlands, and drawing
plows by means of endless chains or ropes. An improved form of
this machine was patented by Mr. Heathcote, M. P., in 1832, which
is said to be the first that was ever worked successfully in the
field. Alexander McRea made improvements on Mr. Heathcote’s machine
in 1846 and 1849; still the practical results were insignificant
until in 1854, when John Fowler, also of England, brought forward an
improvement on the plans of Bellinger, Pratt, and others, since which
time various changes and additions have been made, and steam plowing
has gone into successful practice on many of the large estates of
Great Britain and in the East and West Indies; about 1,500 steam
plows being now in use in England alone.

Many attempts to invent a successful traction engine for steam
plowing have been made, particularly by Mr. J. Boydell, of England,
in 1846, Mr. Calloway and Mr. Pukis, of England, in 1851, and in this
country by Joseph W. Fawkes, by Henry Corning in 1850, David Russell
in 1855, B. Crawford in 1857, Judd Stevens in 1858, particularly, by
Thomas H. Burbridge, of St. Louis, in 1858, and Mr. W. R. Hinsdale,
of New York, about 1870, who invented a gang of three plows to go
with Messrs. Aveling and Porter’s traction engine, imported from
England by the late Mr. A. T. Stewart, to be used on his estate at
Garden City, Long Island.

The plan called cable traction, invented in part by Pratt, in
part by Bellinger, and improved by Fowler, has been operated with
greater success than any other. It consists of a single locomotive
engine, of from twelve to fourteen-horse power, with a windlass
under the boiler, around which passes a single steel-wire cable,
which, by means of hinged clips, lays hold of the cable with a grip
proportioned to the strain. This continuous cable, twice the width
of the plat to be plowed, passes around a sheave, or pulley-block,
fastened to a self-acting anchor placed on the opposite side of the
field from the engine. This “anchor” consists of a low truck on four
wheels, with sharp, disk edges, which cut so deep into the soil that
it will not drag when the traction is applied. A box loaded with
stones, or some other weight, on the outer side of this truck keeps
it from tilting when the power is applied to the plows. A sheave
on the truck gives motion to a drum which winds up another cable
attached to a post or anchor in the direction in which the furrows
are to succeed each other, so that the machine warps itself along
the headland on which it is stationed just as fast as the plowing
progresses, keeping at all times directly opposite to the locomotive
engine, which is moving down the opposite headland in the same
direction. The plows are attached to a balance frame, the especial
invention of Mr. Fowler, and are in duplicate, pointing to each
other, so that when the set at one end of the frame is at work the
opposite set is carried along the cable in the air. The plow frame is
hauled from one side of the field to the other, between the engine
and the movable anchor, by reversing the action of the windlass. It
is adapted to turning from two to eight furrows at once, according
to the power of the engine and toughness of the soil. The amount of
ground plowed by such a machine varies from three to eight acres a
day for a three-furrow gang, according to depth of furrow from twelve
inches to four inches. An eight-furrow gang will do a little more
than twice this amount of work per day.

For various reasons steam plowing is not practiced to any noticeable
extent in the United States, but it is probable that as the
advantages of this mode of turning up the soil to a depth not
practicable by animal draft, become better understood, and other
changes transpire, it will go into successful operation here as it
has done in England.


THE “BAD LANDS.”

  ELDORA, Iowa.

  Where is the district of country called the “Bad Lands?” Is it true
  that it is very remarkable for fossil remains, and that wood or any
  animal substance, if left there for a short time, becomes petrified?

  A. J. P.

_Answer._—The “Bad Lands,” or “Mauvaises Terres,” of the old French
fur-traders’ dialect, are an extensive barren tract in Dakota,
Wyoming, and Northwestern Nebraska, between the North Fork of the
Platte and the South Fork of the Cheyenne River—west, south, and
southeast of the Black Hills. It lies mostly between the 103d and
105th degrees of longitude, with an area as yet not perfectly
defined, but estimated to cover about 60,000 square miles. There are
similar lands in the Green River region of which Fort Bridger is the
center, and in southeastern Oregon. The following description applies
directly to the district named in the question, so commonly known in
the Northwest as the “Bad Lands.” They belong to the Miocene period,
geologically speaking. “The surface materials are for the most part
white and yellowish indurated clays, sands, marls, and occasional
thin beds of lime and sandstone.” It is fitly described as one of
the most wonderful regions of the globe. It is held by geologists
that during the geological period above named a vast fresh water lake
system covered this portion of our continent, when the comparatively
soft materials which compose the present surface were deposited. As
these lakes drained off, after the subsidence of the plains further
east, resulting in the formation of the Missouri Valley, the original
lake beds were worn into canyons that wind in every conceivable
direction. Here and there abrupt, almost perpendicular portions of
the ancient beds remain in all imaginable forms, some resembling the
ruins of abandoned cities. “Towers, spires, cathedrals, obelisks,
pyramids and monuments” of various shapes appear on every side, as
far as the eye can range. Says Dr. Hayden, the earliest explorer of
this region, “Not unfrequently the rising or setting sun will light
up these grand old ruins with a wild, strange beauty, reminding
one of a city illuminated in the night, as seen from some high
point. The harder layers project from the sides of the canyons with
such regularity that they appear like seats of some vast weird
amphitheater.” Through all this country rainfall is very light, the
earth absorbs the most of what rain does fall, and water and grass
are very scanty. The surface-rock is so soft that it disintegrates
rapidly, covering the lower grounds in many places to a depth of
several feet with a soft, powdery soil unsuited to vegetation, into
which animals sink as in snow, while when wet it becomes a stiff mud
of impassable depth. The fitness of the Dakota name for this region,
signifying a land hard to travel over, cannot be called in question.
These lands are plainly unsuited for agriculture, and with rare
exceptions, here and there, are of little value for grazing purposes.
But they are one of the most astonishing treasuries of fossil remains
to be found anywhere. The soft clayey deposits are in some places
literally filled with the bones of extinct species of the horse,
rhinoceros, elephant, hog, camel, a deer that strongly resembled a
hog, saber-toothed lions, and other marvelous creatures, which have
rendered this section of the earth a study of the highest interest
to geologists of all lands. Fossil trees and shrubs and fruits
abound here. All these petrifactions are the result, in part, of
conditions that do not now exist in the same degree, and required no
one can tell how long. The soft clays of this region and the climate
are still peculiarly conducive to petrifying animal and vegetable
substances, but this process requires many years to convert such
substances to stone.


GRAIN PRICES AND ENGLISH CORN LAWS.

  LISTOWEL, Can.

  What was the price of grain in England for a few years preceding
  and following the repeal of the corn laws?

  H. MARTINSON.

_Answer._—From 1835 to 1855 the average prices in England of wheat,
barley, and oats, per imperial quarter of eight bushels, were as
follows. The corn laws were repealed in 1846.

              Wheat,   Barley,     Oats,
  Years.      s.  d.    s.  d.    s.  d.

  1835        39  4    29  11     22   0
  1836        48  6    32  10     23   1
  1837        55 10    30   4     23   1
  1838        64  7    31   9     22   5
  1839        70  8    39   6     25  11
  1840        66  4    36   5     25   8
  1841        64  4    32  10     22   5
  1842        47  3    27   6     19   3
  1843        50  1    29   6     18   4
  1844        51  3    33   8     20   7
  1845        50 10    31   8     22   6
  1846        54  8    32   8     23   8
  1847        69  9    44   2     28   8
  1848        50  6    31   6     20   6
  1849        44  3    27   9     17   6
  1850        40  3    23   6     16   5
  1851        38  6    24   9     18   7
  1852        40  9    28   6     19   1
  1853        53  3    33   2     21   0
  1854        72  5    36   0     27  11
  1855        74  8    34   9     27   5

Reckoning the pound sterling at its present value at the United
States Custom House, it appears from the above table that an imperial
bushel of wheat was worth $1.18⅓ in England in 1839, $1.51 in 1845
(the year before the corn laws were repealed), $2.10 in 1847, owing
to the unusual scarcity in Europe and other special causes; about
$1.52 in 1848; that the following year it dropped to $1.22; and that
in 1855, owing to the Crimean war and other influences, it rose to
$2.25. The price continued to decline after 1855 until it reached
$1.33 in 1859. Then the opening of our civil war sent prices up
temporarily, but even before it closed they dropped to the lowest
point touched since the corn laws were repealed, viz., 40s 2d per
quarter, or $1.20 per bushel—still a shade higher than the price in
1839, six years before the repeal. The good effects of that repeal
must be looked for in other matters than in the reduction of prices
of grain: in the general revival of manufacturing industries, the
increase of the volume of trade, better wages, and many other items
of prosperity.


HOW “SCALPERS” MAKE MONEY.

  GLASGOW, Ohio.

  1. How can “scalpers” sell tickets at lower rates than railroad
  companies? 2. Did Senator Wade vote for the impeachment of
  President Johnson?

  D. M. MCINTOSH.

_Answer._—The following are some of the many ways in which “scalpers”
or ticket-brokers supply themselves with tickets that they can afford
to sell at a reduction from the regular prices and still make a
profit: 1. They purchase at a discount partly-used through tickets
between the large cities, from travelers getting off at intermediate
cities and way stations. As the fares between the prominent Eastern
and Western railroad centers are usually proportionately lower than
to way stations, where there is no competition, travelers often
find that they can purchase through tickets at such prices as make
it more economical for them to get such tickets and sell the unused
mileage to the scalpers, even at a considerable discount, than to
pay full way-passenger rates. Second—During excursions many persons
use but half of a ticket, and sell the “return” to the “scalpers”
at a discount on full rates. Third—In railroad wars they can buy
quantities of tickets cheap to retail later, the railroad companies
selling tickets in large quantities at such times to speculators,
who transfer them to “scalpers” to sell at their convenience, when
the war is ended and rates have increased. Fourth—Sometimes, while
a railroad company is bound by contract not to sell at less than a
specified rate, it will offer to “scalpers” a commission large enough
to enable them to undersell the regular ticket agents, who are bound
by the agreements entered into between railroad companies to sell
only at fixed prices. 2. He did.


LIBERIA.

  VINTON, Iowa.

  Please give the principal facts in the history of Liberia.

  A READER.

_Answer._—The negro republic of Liberia owes its origin and much of
its prosperity to American philanthropy and enterprise. Dec. 31,
1816, a body of energetic men organized themselves into the American
Colonization Society, with Henry Clay for President, their aim being
to establish an African colony for freed negroes. Not until six years
later did they succeed in inducing the African princes of Guinea to
favor their plan; but in 1821 a treaty was concluded by which they
obtained a tract of land 500 miles long and 50 miles wide on the
grain coast of Upper Guinea. Thereupon the society began at once the
exportation of colonists. To each man was given 30 acres, together
with the means for cultivating the land. The first town was Monrovia.
The form of government adopted was that of the United States, and
the country is universally recognized as an independent republic.
Since 1847, when the protection of the United States was withdrawn,
Liberia has enjoyed a certain prosperity, since more schools and
churches have been established in proportion to the population
than in Great Britain or America. But as to wealth and political
influence it has failed. Only about 19,000 negroes have emigrated
from our country, but surrounding tribes have been added gradually to
their territory, and the present population is estimated to number
1,068,000, of whom about 18,000 are Americo-Liberians. About 50,000
have learned the English language and 3,000 are Christians. The chief
products are sugar, palm oil, cocoa, cotton, coffee, arrow-root, and
rice.


THE ARGENTINE CONFEDERATION.

  PILZEN, Neb.

  Be so kind as to name the States composing the Argentine
  Confederation, their areas and population, and a few of the chief
  facts as to the government and condition of the country.

  VESPER.

_Answer._—The Argentine Confederation is composed of a group of
fourteen States or Provinces, and four Territories, whose population,
according to the census of 1869, and estimated areas are as follows:

  Provinces—                   Areas.   Population.

  Buenos Ayres, on the coast    63,000     495,107
  Santa Fe, on the coast        18,000      89,218
  Entre Rios, on the coast      45,000     134,235
  Corrientes, on the coast      54,000     129,023
  Rioja, Andes                  31,500      48,746
  Catamarca, Andes              31,500      79,962
  San Juan, Andes               29,700      60,319
  Mendoza, Andes                54,000      65,413
  Cordova, Central              54,000     210,508
  San Luis, Central             18,000      53,294
  Santiago del Estero, Central  31,500     132,898
  Tucuman, Central              13,500     108,904
  Salta, Northern               45,000      88,933
  Jujuy, Northern               27,000      40,362
                                ——————   —————————
      Total                    515,700   1,736,922

  Territories—

  Gran Chaco                   125,612      45,291
  Missiones (1879)              23,932      32,472
  Pampas                       191,842      21,000
  Patagonia                    347,400      24,000
                               ———————     ———————
      Total                    688,796     122,763

This shows a total population in 1869 of 1,859,685. The present
population is believed to be over 2,500,000. By the treaty of 1881
between the Argentine Confederation and Chili, the latter concedes
to the former all the territory east of the crest of the eastern
ridge of the Andes, including a small part of Terra del Fuego, and
the greater part of Patagonia. The form of government is republican.
The President is elected for six years by an electoral college,
composed of 133 representatives chosen by the several states. The
National Congress is composed of a Senate of twenty-eight members,
two from each state, or province, and a house of fifty members,
apportioned according to population. There are five ministers, viz.:
The Ministers of Foreign Affairs, the Interior, Finance, War, and
Education. Each of the provinces has a governor and legislature
elected by a popular vote. A large part of this vast country consists
of rich, alluvial plains, called pampas, similar to the prairies
of this country, with a soil four or five feet thick, formed for
the most part, like our prairie soil, by the decay of luxurious
vegetation. Immense herds of cattle and sheep are raised on these
grand prairies, furnishing the principal exports, hides, tallow,
wool, and canned meats. In 1881 the horned cattle were estimated at
18,000,000 head, and the sheep at 100,000,000. The exports of the
country amounted to $56,497,423, and the imports to $54,029,545.
Most of this trade is between Buenos Ayres—the capital, having
a population of about 200,000, and European, chiefly English,
ports. Twelve lines of steamers run to Europe, making the trip in
an average period of twenty-nine days. The revenue for 1881 was
$24,349,450, derived almost wholly from import and export dues. The
expenditures amounted to $26,747,480, and the national debt has
grown to $107,681,639, a considerable part of which is represented
by recent public improvements: railways, bridges, roads, etc. There
are now about 1,600 miles of railway and 10,000 miles of telegraph
in the country. The laws recognize no difference between natives and
foreigners, and of late foreign immigration, mostly from Spain and
Italy, has been flowing in at a steadily increasing rate, amounting
now to about 50,000 per annum.


THE OLD CALIFORNIA MAIL.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  By what route was the first California and Oregon mail, via the
  Isthmus, carried; where was it first opened; what was the postage
  on letters: and what was the distance run?

  JOHN ALBRIGHT.

_Answer._—On the 1st day of December, 1848, the Falcon sailed from
New York to Chagres, stopping at Havana en route, and carrying the
first regularly established United States mail via the Isthmus. From
Chagres it was carried up the Chagres River, thence overland to
Panama, where it was taken by the California Steampacket Company’s
vessels to San Francisco, Cal., and Astoria, Oregon. The distance
between New York and Chagres, by this route, was given as 2,860
miles, and from New York to Astoria, 7,500 miles. The postage on
letters between places in Oregon and California and places on the
Atlantic was 40 cents for each half ounce, or fraction thereof; while
local postage between offices in Oregon and California was 12½ cents
per single letter.


MEASURING HAY.

  WHITE LAKE, D. T.

  How many cubic feet constitute a ton of hay, and what length of
  time is required for it to settle sufficiently to make measurement
  correct?

  W. A. ROGERS.

_Answer._—Measuring is a very crude, unsatisfactory method of
estimating the weight of hay. There are times, however, when it
is impracticable to use the scales, and a close approximation to
the true weight will answer all purposes. Then, by taking into
consideration that fine, soft hay will pack more closely than a
coarser, stiffer quality, that when cut early in the season it will
become more solid than stiff, late-cut hay, that the degree of
dryness when stacked will affect the weight, that the compactness of
the lower part of a stack or lead is affected by the height, the time
it has stood, or distance and kind of roads it has traveled over, it
is quite possible for a person of ordinary experience and judgment
to make an estimate of the quantity in a load or mow. It is estimated
that, with all the above-mentioned conditions at an average, timothy,
in stacks of ten feet high and upward, measures about 500 cubic feet
to the ton; clear clover, between 600 and 700 cubic feet; new mown
hay, about 675 cubic feet; fine hay, well settled, 450 to 500 cubic
feet. To find the cubic feet in a circular stack, multiply the square
of the circumference by four one-hundredths (.04) of the height.
Below is given a set of rules for computing the number of cubic yards
in a ton of hay in the field, stack, or load, which can be easily
reduced to cubic feet by multiplying the result in cubic yards by 27:

1. The number of tons of meadow hay in windrows is the quotient of
the product of the length, breadth, and height, in yards, divided by
25.

2. To find the number of tons of hay in a mow, divide the product of
the length, height, and width by 15, if the stack be well packed.
If shallow, and the hay recently stacked, divide by 18, and by any
number from 15 to 18 according to the density of the stack. In square
or long stacks the number of tons is the quotient of the product of
the length of the base, the width, and half the height, in yards,
divided by 15.

3. In loads the number of tons of hay is found by multiplying
together the length, width, and height, in yards, and dividing the
product by 20.


BRAVE BARCLAY’S BRAVE BRIDE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

The allusion to the British commander in the battle of Lake Erie,
made last week in Our Curiosity Shop, when giving the fragment of
the popular old song of the war of 1812, reminds me of an incident
I have read which goes to show that Captain, afterward Commodore,
Barclay, our defeated enemy, was not only a brave but a noble-minded
man. He was sadly crippled in that battle, and having been previously
engaged to marry a lady of rank and fortune in England, after his
return to that country he sent a message to her by a mutual friend,
saying that although his love for her was not abated, yet, as he was
so badly mutilated, if she desired it, he would release her from her
engagement. The noble lady replied “Tell Commodore Barclay that I
will marry him if he has only body enough left to _hold the soul_.”

  A READER.


DEFINITION OF LITERATURE.

  WEYAUWEGA, Wis.

  What is included under the term “Literature?” Is all prose
  literature?

  H. L. A.

_Answer._—It would be difficult to improve upon the definition of
literature in Webster, quarto edition: “1. Learning; acquaintance
with letters or books. 2. The collective body of literary
productions, embracing the entire results of knowledge and fancy
preserved in writing; also the whole body of writing upon a given
subject, as the _literature_ of biblical literature, of chemistry,
etc. 3. Belles-lettres, or the class of writings distinguished for
beauty or style of expression—as poetry, essays, or history—in
distinction from scientific treatises and works on positive
knowledge.” Which of the above senses is intended must be judged
from the subject and context. Webster further says: “Literature,
in its widest sense, embraces all compositions, except those on
the positive sciences, mathematics, etc. It is usually confined,
however, to belles-lettres, or works of taste and sentiment, as
poetry, eloquence, history, etc., excluding abstract discussions
and mere erudition. A man of _literature_ is one who is versed in
the belles-lettres; a man of _learning_ excels in what is taught
in the schools, and has a wide extent of knowledge, especially in
respect to the past; a man of _erudition_ is one who is skilled in
the more recondite branches of learned inquiry.” The perspicuity of
the above definitions leaves nothing obscure. Prose is the common
language of men, in distinction from verse. All of literature that
is not in verse may be classed as prose, but so may ordinary social
and business correspondence, text-books of science, court records,
State statutes, and city ordinances, and much else which is plainly
excluded from literature by the definitions given above.


“OLD GRIMES.”

  MARION, Ind.

  Your correspondent, C. N. H., of Chicago, says: “For several years
  I have seen notices, or sketches, of ‘Old Grimes,’ generally
  without age, date, and other items to identify the real ‘Old
  Grimes’ as I knew him. Ephraim Grimes was born about 1770, in
  Connecticut.” C. N. H. further states, after giving something of
  his history, that he finally “landed at Fort Covington, N. Y.,
  where he remained, making shingles, until about 1834, when his son
  came and took him to Connecticut.”

  Now, I wish simply to say that I am sure that Ephraim “Grimes,”
  born in 1770, and living and making shingles in 1834, was not, as
  C. N. H. declares, the real “Old Grimes” about whom was composed
  the song:

    Old Grimes is dead, that good old soul.
      We ne’er shall see him more;
    He used to wear a long blue coat
      All buttoned down before.

  I heard this old song sung when I was a lad going to school, about
  1825. So that if “Old Grimes” was dead in 1825 your correspondent
  is mistaken in stating that he has seen and known the “real Old
  Grimes.” Again, the real “Old Grimes” is said, in the rhyme, to be
  a “good old soul;” but C. N. H. states that “Ephraim Grimes was a
  dealer in counterfeit money, was convicted, imprisoned, and had the
  tip of his right ear taken off and was banished the State.” Not a
  very “good old soul,” was he?

  H. H. H.

_Answer._—The article above referred to, as from “C. N. H.,” was not
published in Our Curiosity Shop. Beyond doubt the subject of the
rhyme quoted was not the Grimes who died in Connecticut in 1834. The
original Grimes was first immortalized by the English poet Crabbe,
who was born in 1754 and died in 1832. Grimes was the subject of one
of his tales in rhyme. Later, the American poet Albert G. Greene,
of Rhode Island, wrote the humorous ballad which has rendered “Old
Grimes” familiar to every American boy and girl.


LORD CHANCELLOR AND CHIEF JUSTICE.

  MATTOON, Ill.

  What are the duties of the Lord Chancellor of England, and of the
  Lord Chief Justice? Tell something of the courts over which they
  preside.

  READER.

_Answer._—The Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain is the highest
legal authority in the kingdom, the confidential adviser of the
sovereign, and in rank precedes all except the members of the
royal family and the Archbishop of Canterbury. He is a political
officer, and one of the Cabinet, the President of the Supreme Court
of Judicature, and also a member of the Privy Council, a Court of
Appeal composed of the Lord Chancellor, the Judges of the High Court
of Justice, and four other judges. He is created without writ or
patent, by the simple delivery of the great seal, of which he becomes
the keeper, and during his term of office he acts as prolocutor for
the sovereign in Parliament.

The High Court has five divisions: The Queen’s Bench—the Supreme
Court of Common Law—presided over by the Lord Chief Justice of
England, assisted by four “puisne justices;” the Chancery, presided
over by the Master of Rolls and three vice chancellors; the Common
Pleas, by the Lord Chief Justice of Common Pleas, and four “puisne
justices;” the Court of Exchequer, by the Lord Chief Baron and four
“puisne barons;” the Court for Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty cases,
by a president, judge, and admiralty advocate, Queen’s proctor, and
admiralty proctor.


RIVERS, RAILROADS, AND MINES.

  BERLIN, Neb.

  Please to give the coal area, product of gold and silver, and
  number of miles of river navigation and railroads in the United
  States and in other countries.

  PETER THOMAS.

_Answer._—The coal area of the world is distributed as follows,
according to a late estimate made by the geologist Le Conte:

                   Square Miles.

  United States      192,000
  British America     18,000
  Great Britain       12,000
  Spain                4,000
  France               2,000
  Germany              1,800
  Belgium                518
  Rest of Europe     100,000
  China                2,000
  Japan                5,000

The estimated production of gold and silver from 1800 to 1880 is,
according to “The West in 1880,” as follows:

  U.S.             $1,780,000,000
  Australia         1,260,000,000
  Spanish A          $900,000,000
  Other coun’ts       330,000,000

The railroads of the world were distributed thus in 1880:

                       Square Miles.

  United States            93,000
  Canada                    6,145
  Rest of N. America        1,738
  Germany                  21,275
  Great Britain            17,696
  France                   15,375
  Russia                   14,698
  Austria                  12,160
  Spain and Portugal        5,260
  Scandinavia               5,167
  Italy                     5,096
  Belgium and Holland       3,910
  Turkey, etc               1,870
  Switzerland               1,650
  South America             6,830
  Africa                    5,897
  Australia                 4,350
  India                     8,611
  Rest of Asia              1,203

We have not within reach the number of miles of river navigation,
except by the tedious process of adding the navigable waters of all
the rivers and streams of the world. It may be said, however, that
the corps of United States civil engineers has estimated that there
are 20,000 miles of navigable waters, or waters that can easily
be rendered navigable, in the Mississippi system, and in the St.
Lawrence system there are about 15,000 miles more, under the control
of the United States alone and with Canada.


COPYRIGHTED ILLUSTRATIONS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Is it right or permissible for one paper to copy engravings or cuts
  appearing in another paper or magazine? If not, why?

  CONSTANT READER.

_Answer._—Not if the paper, magazine, or book is copyrighted in this
country, as most American illustrated papers, magazines, and books
are. The copyright law is intended to give artists and publishers
exclusive control of their productions. The right course to take
to get the privilege of using copyrighted works of any kind is to
negotiate with the publishers, who will, in some cases, make very
moderate terms, particularly for the use of wood-cuts and other
engravings that are several years old. There is no law against
pirating the illustrations published in European periodicals, and
this is done in this country by photo-engraving and other means,
to an unlimited extent. Last winter an enterprising contemporary
astonished all Chicagoans by loading our newsboys with illustrations
of the still flaming ruins of the Newhall House, Milwaukee, before
noon of the day of the conflagration. It turned out that the
illustration was a photo-engraving of the ruins of a London theater,
pirated from the London _Illustrated News_.


CHRISTADELPHIANS.

  PEWAUKEE, Wis.

  Please give a description of the sect called Christadelphians.

  H. G. PURINTON.

_Answer._—This sect is one lately organized in America. The
principles of the church are thus briefly stated: The Old and New
Testaments are equally important; those who love God in this life He
will restore to immortality; others He will annihilate; there is no
personal devil; Christ is the son of God, deriving from Him moral
perfection, but from his mother a human nature. He appeared upon the
earth as a prophet; He now mediates between God and man as a priest;
he will again appear on earth to reign as a king of the house of
David.


A BEAUTIFUL HYMN.

  ANN ARBOR, Mich.

The lines asked for in THE INTER OCEAN of Nov. 3, beginning:

  “Those everlasting gardens, etc.”

are from the concluding stanza of Sir John Bowring’s hymn, “From the
Recesses of a Lowly Spirit.” I found it as No. 2,546, in Foster’s
Cyclopedia of Poetical Illustrations. It is set to a beautiful chant
in Baker’s Church Music.

  R. B. POPE.


THE GLACIAL PERIOD.

  MIDLAND, Wis.

  How long has it been since the “Glacial Period” ended? How far
  south did the glaciers extend.

  D. W. BROWN.

_Answer._—It would be a rash geologist who would undertake to say how
many years it has been since the Glacial Period. Geological periods
cannot be reckoned by years with any approach to certainty. Even
the dates of geological events in the “Recent,” or “Human Period,”
immediately following the Glacial Period, cannot be arithmetically
computed. The order of their succession is about all that can
be established with reasonable certainty. Such events belong,
practically speaking, to an era of which it has been said: “Then time
was not.” In America evidences of glacial action extend as far south,
at least, as Washington and the Ohio River; in Europe to 50 degrees
north latitude, and in some places down to 45 degrees.


LOUIS PHILIPPE.

  ARGYLE, Minn.

  In what year did Louis Philippe ascend the throne? Give a brief
  history of his life and death.

  J. G. LEGRANGE.

_Answer._—Louis Philippe, son of Louis Philippe Joseph, Duke of
Orleans, was born at Paris in 1773, and, having held the title of
Lieutenant of the Kingdom since the abdication of Charles X., as a
result of the revolution of July, 1830 ascended the throne of France
Aug. 9, 1830. During the first revolution, in which he fought on the
side of the people, he became suspected of aspiring to the throne,
and, his arrest having been ordered, he sought refuge for himself
and sister in Switzerland. There for a time he taught under the
assumed name of Chabaud-Latour. Later he visited Northern Europe and
America, and in 1800 settled at Twickenham, near London. Upon the
restoration of the royal family, he returned to Paris, and recovered
his estates. Though coldly received by his suspicious kinsman, Louis
XVIII., he was extremely popular elsewhere, and in recognition of his
plain manners and attention to the bourgeoisie he received the title
“Citizen King.” His reign was prosperous, and his wise government did
much to restore France to a state of quiet industry. But suddenly
the cry arose for a reform in the electoral system, and receiving
no friendly response from the King or ministry, the people grew
rebellious. The King used military force, the people became their
own army, and Feb. 24, 1848, Louis Philippe fled from Paris, with
his faithful minister, Guizot. He and his queen were concealed in
Normandy for a few days, and then passed on a British steamboat to
Newhaven, Eng., as Mr. and Mrs. Smith. He died quietly at Claremont
in 1850.


POSTAL EXPENDITURES NORTH AND SOUTH.

  NASHVILLE, Tenn.

  It was stated not long ago, in Our Curiosity Shop, that the postal
  expenses in the Southern States have long exceeded the postal
  revenue from the same States, while in the Northern States the
  opposite is true. I challenge you to show that this was the case
  before the late civil war.

  A CONFEDERATE.

_Answer._—That is not at all hard to show. It has been the case
pretty much ever since the government was formed. In the Northern
States the postal revenue has almost always been in excess of the
expenditures, while the reverse has been true in the South. In
1846-7 the transportation of the mails throughout New England cost
$256,464, while the postal revenue collected in those States amounted
to $443,648. The expense of mail transportation in New York and
Pennsylvania was only $384,719, while the postal revenue collected
amounted to nearly double that amount, say $746,933. In Virginia,
Maryland, the Carolinas, and Georgia, during the same time, the
expenditures aggregated $770,044, while the amount received for
postage was but $311,569, or less than half as much. At the same
time Alabama paid in less than $50,000, while the expenditures were
over $136,000; and Texas returned but $3,246 for an expenditure of
$24,102; though Wisconsin, in which the expenditure reached but
$15,043, returned to the general postoffice $56,703, and Iowa, then
in its infancy, came within less than $500 of meeting all the cost of
her postal service. This is a fair sample of how it was before the
war.


WEALTHIEST STATES.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Will you kindly state in Our Curiosity Shop which State in the
  Union is considered to be the richest? Say if Pennsylvania does not
  rank the highest in the aggregate of products. If not, what State
  does? and what is Pennsylvania’s rank?

  ENQUIRER.

_Answer._—According to the census of 1880 the four States showing
the highest assessed valuation of real estate and personal property
are: New York, $2,651,940,006; Pennsylvania, $1,683,459,016;
Massachusetts, $1,584,756,802; Ohio, $1,534,360,508. Assessed
valuations are so far from being the true values of property, and
there is such divergency in the practice of the various States—some
assessing at nearly the true value, others at scarcely 25 per cent
of it, and most of them at rates ranging between 40 per cent and
50 per cent of it—that there is no great amount of satisfaction
in a comparison based on these valuations. For example, the total
assessed valuation of personal property for the State of New York
is $322,657,647, when it is generally believed that four men, Mr.
Vanderbilt, Jay Gould, Russel Sage, and Augustus Belmont, together,
own very nearly this amount in bonds, mortgages, and other personal
property.

As to the value of their chief products, the States holding the
highest rank are as follows:

                        Number of          Value of
  States.            establishments.       products.

  New York               43,739        $1,080,696,596
  Pennsylvania           31,232           744,818,445
  Massachusetts          14,352           631,135,284
  Illinois               14,549           414,864,673
  Ohio                   20,699           348,298,390


  In agriculture:    Value of            Value of all
    States.         live stock.         farm products.

  Illinois         $132,437,762          $203,980,137
  New York          117,868,283           178,025,695
  Ohio              103,707,730           156,777,152
  Iowa              124,715,103           136,103,473
  Pennsylvania       84,242,877           129,760,476


  In mining:     Value of product of        Value of
    States.        precious metals.     non-precious metals

  Pennsylvania       ..........           $65,559,576
  Colorado          $19,249,172             1,041,350
  California         18,301,828             .........
  Nevada             17,318,909             .........
  Michigan               25,858            14,279,437
  Illinois           ..........             8,911,279
  Ohio               ..........             8,077,488

From the above it appears that in the aggregate value of their
agricultural, manufacturing, and mining products, New York leads all
the other States, with a total of over $1,381,000,000; Pennsylvania
follows, with $1,024,000,000; Illinois marches third, with over
$760,000,000; Massachusetts fourth, with over $676,000,000; and Ohio
fifth, with nearly $617,000,000.


PENSION-ATTORNEY’S FEES.

  TIPTON, Iowa.

  Is it true that a pension attorney cannot lawfully charge more than
  $10 for his services in procuring a pension? If so, when was this
  law passed? It used to be $25: at least that was what pensioners
  around here paid.

  OLD SOLDIER.

_Answer._—Prior to June 20, 1878, it was lawful for an attorney to
make a contract with a pension claimant for $25 as a fee, which
amount was paid by the Commissioner of Pensions, or on his order,
when the pension was allowed, out of the first pension payment. It
was wholly contingent upon the successful prosecution of the claim.
In 1878 Mr. Bentley, then Commissioner of Pensions, arrayed himself
against claim attorneys, and procured the enactment of the present
law, approved June 10, 1878, making it unlawful for an attorney
to receive a greater sum than $10 for his services in procuring a
pension. This amount the attorney can collect from the applicant and
keep, whether the claim is allowed or not. It is doubtful whether
Mr. Bentley’s well intended endeavors to benefit applicants through
this law have not resulted in more harm than good, as hundreds, if
not thousands, of applicants have paid attorneys this $10 in advance,
and therefore the latter, having nothing more to gain, have merely
filed the applications, and left the cases to take the regular
red-tape course, and be thrown out for informalities or for want of
a little additional testimony, which defects the attorneys would
have strived to cure if the fee had remained at $25, and been wholly
contingent on the allowance of the pensions.


HEADLIGHT OIL.

  ALDEN, Iowa.

  Please give the composition and properties of “headlight oil,” such
  as is used by the railroad companies in lanterns and headlights.

  P. M. EDWARDS.

_Answer._—Strictly speaking, headlight oil of the first quality
is what its discoverer, Joshua Merrill, named mineral sperm. It
is an illuminating oil intermediate between kerosene and neutral
lubricating oil, the specific gravity of kerosene being .804, that
of mineral sperm .847, and that of lubricating oil .883. The boiling
points of these are respectively, 350 deg. Fahr., 425 deg., and 575
deg. It is volatile only at very high temperature, therefore, and
cannot be ignited at less than 300 deg. Fahr., which is one reason
why it is preferred to kerosene, particularly on railroad cars and
locomotives and ocean steamers. The headlight oils in common use do
not conform strictly to the above descriptions, being, some of them,
only a fine quality of kerosene. The chemical constituents of refined
petroleum are hydrogen and carbon, in the proportions of 75 of the
former to 85 of the latter. We have not the precise chemical formula
for headlight oil.


UNITED STATES NATIONAL CEMETERIES.

  BUCYRUS, Ohio.

  How many United States National cemeteries are there, and where are
  they? What salaries are paid to superintendents? Are they kept in
  good condition?

  OLD SOLDIER.

_Answer._—The National cemeteries consecrated to the remains of
the fallen patriots of the late civil war are all well cared for
by salaried superintendents, and are examined from time to time
by competent inspectors, whose duties require them to report any
neglect. Every grave is marked with a headstone; the grounds are
handsomely laid out; the walks, winding among the green swarded lots,
are neatly graveled; and shade trees, ornamental shrubs and flower
beds are tastefully arranged to beautify these “God’s acres,” sacred
to the Nation’s dead. The cemeteries west of the Missouri contain the
graves of a good many soldiers who have died since the rebellion,
in the regular army service on the frontiers. There is an United
States National cemetery near the City of Mexico, consecrated to the
gallant fellows who fell at Chapultepec, and Contreras, and in other
brilliant actions of the war with Mexico. The locality of the awful
massacre of General Custer and his entire command by the Indians, led
by Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse, is marked by a National cemetery and
a suitable monument. The following is a full list of the National
cemeteries, with the salaries of their superintendents:

  Cemeteries.             Salaries.

  Mobile. Ala.               $840
  Little Rock, Ark.           900
  Fort Smith, Ark.            840
  Fayetteville, Ark           780
  Soldiers’ Home, D. C.       900
  Battle Ground, D. C.        720
  Barrancas, Fla.             780
  St. Augustine. Fla.
  Andersonville, Ga.          900
  Marietta, Ga.               900
  Camp Butler, Ill.           780
  Mound City, Ill.            900
  Quincy, Ill.
  Rock Island, Ill.
  Crown Hill, Ind.            720
  New Albany, Ind.            780
  Fort Gibson, I. T.          780
  Keokuk, Iowa                780
  Ft. Leavenworth, Kan.       840
  Fort Scott, Kan.            840
  Cave Hill, Ky               720
  Camp Nelson, Ky.            900
  Danville. Ky.
  Lebanon, Ky.                720
  Lexington, Ky.              840
  Logan’s Cross Roads, Ky.    840
  Mill Springs, Ky.
  Alexander, La.              840
  Baton Rouge, La.            480
  Chalmette, La.              900
  Port Hudson, La.            900
  Annapolis, Md.              780
  Antietam, Md.               900
  Laurel, Md.
  Loudon Park, Md.            720
  City of Mexico, Mex.        900
  Corinth, Miss.              900
  Natchez, Miss.              900
  Vicksburg, Miss.            900
  Jefferson Barracks, Mo.     900
  Jefferson City, Mo.         780
  Springfield, Mo.            780
  Custer Battlefield, M. T.
  Fort McPherson, Neb.        720
  New Berne, N. C.            840
  Raleigh, N. C.              840
  Salisbury, N. C.            900
  Wilmington, N. C.           840
  Beverly, N. J.              720
  Finn’s Point, N. J.         720
  Cypress Hills, N. J.        720
  Woodlawn, N. J.
  Gettysburg, Pa.             900
  Philadelphia, Pa.           840
  Florence, S. C.             840
  Beaufort, S. C.             900
  Chattanooga, Tenn.          900
  Ft. Donelson, Tenn.         780
  Knoxville, Tenn.            840
  Memphis, Tenn.              900
  Nashville, Tenn.            900
  Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.    900
  Stone River, Tenn.          900
  San Antonio, Texas          720
  Brownsville, Texas          840
  Alexandria, Va.             840
  Arlington, Va.              900
  Balls Bluff, Va.
  City Point, Va.             840
  Cold Harbor, Va.            780
  Culpeper, Va.               840
  Danville, Va.               780
  Fort Harrison, Va.          720
  Fredericksburg, Va.         900
  Glendale, Va.               720
  Hampton, Va.                900
  Poplar Grove, Va.           900
  Seven Pines, Va.            720
  Richmond, Va.               900
  Staunton, Va.               720
  Winchester, Va.             720
  Yorktown, Va.               780
  Grafton. W. Va.             720

In all, there are 315,555 graves under the supervision of the
Quartermaster General, according to a late report, only 172,409 of
which had been identified.


A TRULY REMARKABLE EGG.

  CHAMPAIGN, Ill.

SIR: Having read a short time since in your columns an account of a
“Wisconsin hen” having laid a double egg, I enclose the following:

“About fifteen years ago a Mr. Green, of Toledo, Ill., had a hen
which laid an egg as large as a goose egg. Inside the outer shell was
another perfect egg inclosed in a shell, and between the two shells,
two yolks and two whites. It is needless to remark that the hen died
in a few hours. There are a number of people now living in or about
Toledo who can vouch for the truth of this story.

  L. W. A.”


FOREIGN POSTAGE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please state the rates of postage between this country and Europe
  as far back as possible, but particularly the rates in force twenty
  years ago.

  J. M.

_Answer._—It is not easy to ascertain the rates of postage between
the United States and each of the States of Europe for the whole
period of our history, nor would the information repay the research.
The Whig Almanac for 1849 gives the following rates of foreign
postage prevailing at that time: Letters, per half ounce, to Bremen,
paid or unpaid, if mailed at New York, 24 cents; within 300 miles
of New York, 29 cents; over 300 miles, 34 cents. If to Prussia, 12
cents additional; to Hamburg, 6 cents additional; to Austria, 18
cents; Bavaria, 22 cents; Switzerland, 21 cents; Egypt, 37 cents—each
additional, per quarter-ounce letter. To Denmark, 22 cents; Sweden,
39 cents; St. Petersburg, Russia, 24 cents—each additional, per
half ounce. To British West India Islands, by British West India
mail steamers, 25 cents per half ounce; to Martinique, Havana,
Porto Rico, St. Thomas, or other islands not British, 50 cents; to
Chagres, Panama, Valparaiso, or any port on the Pacific coast, 75
cents. The same year the postal difficulties with Great Britain and
her colonies were adjusted by the adoption of a uniform rate of sea
and port postage not to exceed 24 cents, the inland rates (5 cents
to 10 cents here and 2 cents to 4 cents in Britain) being added. In
1860 the following foreign postal rates prevailed for one-half ounce;
to France and Algeria, by French mails, 30 cents; to the German
states, 30 cents; to Great Britain, 24 cents, except from Washington,
Oregon, and California, (29 cents); to Bremen, 10 cents; to Hamburg,
10 cents; to Frankfort or Wurtemburg, 22 cents; to Luxemburg, 25
cents; to Holland and the Netherlands, 42 cents; to Austria, 30
cents; to Russia, 29 cents; to Prussia, 30 cents; to the Papal States
and Tuscany, 35 cents; to Spain, 42 cents; to Portugal, 42 cents;
to Denmark, 35 cents; to Sweden, 42 cents; to Norway, 46 cents; to
the West India Islands, (not British) 34 cents for less than 2,500
miles, and 44 cents for more than 2,500 miles: to the British West
India Islands, 10 cents for 2,500 miles or less, and 20 cents for any
greater distance; to the two Sicilies, 30 cents; to Parma and Modena,
33 cents; to Lombardy, 33 cents; to the Sardinian States, 38 cents.
In 1865 the postage was about the same; but after the formation of
the postal union, in 1874, an uniform postage was adopted of 5 cents
on prepaid, and 10 cents on unpaid letters, weighing not more than
one-half ounce, between all members of the union; newspapers not
exceeding 4 ounces, 2 cents; books and all other printed matter and
patterns of merchandise, not exceeding 8¾ ounces, at the rate of 2
cents per 2 ounces; postal cards, 2 cents.


HIGH TARIFF AND CHEAP GOODS.

  OSKALOOSA, Iowa.

  In a recent political dispute the free-trader declared that the
  consumer pays all the tariff. How can the protectionist answer this?

  INQUIRER.

_Answer._—This question has been answered, substantially, several
times before, but the following extract from the speech made before
the Fair Trade Congress, Leamington, by Robert P. Porter, formerly
editor of Our Curiosity Shop, author of “The West in 1880,” and
member of the late United States Tariff Commission, is so much in
point that it is given here:

“In the cotton industry need I say that we have practically robbed
England of 50,000,000 of customers, increased the number employed in
our mills to 200,000 persons, and, in the last two decades, doubled
the value of the product. Imports of cotton goods have steadily
declined from 227,000,000 yards in 1860 to 23,000,000 yards in
1881, while exports reached the same year 150,000,000 yards. Has
the consumer been injured? No! With the exception of a few special
lines which we do not manufacture, cotton goods are as cheap, and
even cheaper, with us than in England. A more remarkable progress
has been made in the silk industry, which before the Morrill tariff
gave employment to 5,000 persons; in 1880 it employed over 30,000,
a six-fold increase. The importation of silk goods has remained
stationary since 1860 at about £6,000,000, the production of our own
mills increasing from £1,200,000 in 1860 to over £8,000,000 in 1880.
Yet the cost of the manufactured goods to the consumer, estimated on
a gold basis, has steadily declined at a much greater rate than the
cost of the raw material.”

Further on Mr. Potter says: “I have this year made a careful
comparison of the average earnings of labor in the important
branches of industry in Great Britain, Germany, France, Belgium, and
Holland, with the average earnings of the same class of workers in
the United States. In prosecuting this inquiry I have visited the
industrial centers of these countries, and am prepared to further
substantiate my conclusions with details if necessary. I find that
in the United States wages are from 60 to 150 per cent higher in the
various industrial pursuits than they are in the mentioned European
countries. At the same time the difference between the purchasing
power of a dollar in free trade and protection countries is absurdly
exaggerated by the Cobden Clubites. In Germany and France (under
protective tariffs), especially in the former country, the workmen
can live far cheaper than in England. The purchasing power of a
dollar, so far as the wants of the working man is concerned, when the
cost and quality of food is taken into consideration, is about the
same in the United States as in England, though wages are often 100
per cent higher in America.”


HALBIG, THE SCULPTOR.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please give a sketch of John Halbig, the sculptor.

  OTTO F. H. MASCH.

_Answer._—John Halbig was born in Bavaria in 1814, and educated at
the Munich Academy, where he is now professor of statuary. Since
1846 he has modeled more than 1,000 works, chiefly busts. The most
noted is the lions at the Gate of Victory, Munich. In 1873 the
King of Germany ordered him to make a colossal group representing
the crucifixion, to be placed on a lofty mountain peak overlooking
Oberammergau, the village where the “Passion Play” is so religiously
represented.


HELEN AND THE TROJAN WAR.

  DANA, Ill.

  1. Will Our Curiosity Shop tell me how to pronounce the name of
  the President of France, and what his salary is? 2. Who was Helen?
  I heard a gentleman say that, when looking at a certain lady, he
  could easily believe in Helen’s smile and the siege of Troy. Please
  tell me about her.

  IGNORAMUS.

_Answer._—1. Gravy. His salary is 600,000 francs ($120,000), and
an additional 300,000 francs for household expenses. 2. Helen,
according to tradition, was the daughter of Zeus and Leda, the
wife of Tyndareus, King of Sparta, and was so extremely beautiful
that at the age of 10 she was stolen by two mighty Greeks, from
whom her brothers, Castor and Pollux, rescued her. Later Tyndareus
bound her suitors to the number of about thirty to save her, in
case of another abduction. She became the wife of Menelaus, King
of Lacedæmon, but, during his absence from home, Paris, a prince
from Troy, in Asia Minor, induced her to elope with him. Thereupon
Menelaus called upon the thirty to fulfill their oath, and with a
large army they sailed against Troy, laid siege to it, and were
victorious after ten years. There are conflicting stories of her fate.


WHEAT IN OHIO AND NEBRASKA.

  TRIADELPHIA, Ohio.

  Which years, the odd or even, have produced the most wheat in Ohio
  for the last ten years? State same for Nebraska.

  P. M. P.

_Answer._—The following table, compiled from the reports of the
Agricultural Department, Washington, gives the estimated wheat crops
of Ohio and Nebraska for the ten years closing with 1882, in bushels.
How much support these figures give to the notion that the even years
bear better crops than the odd ones, or vice versa, the reader can
estimate for himself:

              Ohio      Av. yield     Nebraska     Av. yield
  Year.    wheat crop.  per acre.    wheat crop.   per acre.

  1882     45,453,600                14,947,200
  1881     38,520,000      13.3      13,840,000       7.1
  1880     49,790,475      17.3      12,922,677       8.5
  1879     36,591,750      19.3      13,043,590      11.3
  1878     33,120,000      18.0      13,872,900      13.1
  1877     26,000,000      15.0       5,640,000      15.0
  1876     21,750,000      11.8       4,330,000      11.5
  1875     17,500,000       9.5       3,400,000       9.8
  1874     25,993,000      15.0       3,619,000      11.6
  1873     18,567,000      12.0       3,584,000      15.5

Certainly, in the case of Ohio, the aggregate yield of even years
surpassed that of the odd years, and the same was true in all but one
pair of years for Nebraska. As regards the average yield per acre,
the even years were not so uniformly better than the odd ones, and
this is the only test measure. But the following table, from the same
source, showing the average yield of wheat per acre for the whole
United States, for the ten years from 1872 to 1881 inclusive, is
calculated to explode the notion that the oddness or evenness of the
year makes any difference:

           Av. yield
  Year.    per acre.

  1872       11.9
  1873       12.7
  1874       12.3
  1875       11.0
  1876       10.4
  1877       13.9
  1878       13.1
  1879       13.8
  1880       13.1
  1881       10.1

One of the most interesting facts to note in the above table is the
rapid increase of wheat raising in Ohio, which is due in large degree
to the improved methods in farming—deep plowing, use of fertilizers,
tile drainage, and so forth. Another matter worthy of special notice
is the large increase of the Nebraska wheat crop, owing to the steady
extension of the cultivated area of that State. The falling off in
the average yield per acre points to the lesson that Nebraska must
learn from the example of Ohio—the necessity for improved cultivation
as the country grows older.


DEMOCRATIC PARTY.

  HILLSBORO, Iowa.

  When was the Democratic party first organized? How long did it ever
  hold unbroken control of the government?

  W. N. GALES.

_Answer._—The birth of the Democratic party, or “Jacksonian
Democracy,” as it used to be called, dates from the disruption of the
old Democratic-Republican party, consequent upon the election of John
Quincy Adams as President Soon after the Inauguration of Adams in
1825 the Adams and Clay factions of the Democratic-Republican party
separated from it. The Jackson and Calhoun factions rallied around
these men, and the Presidential election contest of 1828 was fought
on almost purely personal issues. Jackson was elected President
over Adams by 178 electoral votes to 83, although the popular vote
stood 647,231 for Jackson and 509,097 for Adams. At the same time
Calhoun was elected Vice President by 171 electoral votes to 83 for
Richard Rush, of Pennsylvania. Before the next Presidential canvass
Jackson and Calhoun had become inimical to each other; the “Jackson
men” carried the day, and, through the _first_ National Democratic
Convention—held in Baltimore in May, 1832—nominated Jackson for
re-election, and Van Buren in place of Calhoun for Vice President.
Dating from Jackson’s first term, the Democrats held unbroken control
of the Executive office until the end of Van Buren’s term, in all
twelve years, which is the longest period of consecutive Democratic
administration of our Federal Government. The next longest was from
March 4, 1853, to the bankruptcy of the National Treasury and the
civil war, reached before its close, eight years later.


FIRST WHITE CHILD BORN IN CHICAGO.

  PEKIN, Ill.

  I was born in Chicago, Oct. 1, 1827, and my elder brother tells
  me there were but four houses there at that time, and two of them
  belonged to Frenchmen. I claim the honor of being the first white
  child born at that place. I am the son of Reuben and Hannah Reed.

  LEVI REED.

_Answer._—The first white child born in Chicago was a girl, Ellen
Marion Kinzie, sister of the late Colonel John H. Kinzie. According
to the testimony of Mrs. Whistler, wife of Lieut. William Whistler,
this was in December, 1804. Mrs. Whistler was the mother of the first
white boy born in Chicago, Merriweather Lewis Whistler. He first
saluted the light in old Fort Dearborn in the autumn of 1805. He was
drowned at the age of 7, at Newport, Ky. Your brother is certainly
mistaken as to the number of houses in Chicago in 1827, for a series
of reminiscences dictated by the early pioneer, John H. Fonda, quoted
in Hurlburt’s “Chicago Antiquities,” says that when Fonda visited
Chicago in 1825, though it was then but an Indian agency and trading
post, the place contained “about fourteen houses.”


INSTITUTIONS FOR FEEBLE-MINDED CHILDREN.

  EVANSTON, Ill.

  What State provisions are there for the benefit of feeble-minded
  persons? Give the number of the blind, deaf, and feeble-minded in
  this State.

  CATHARINE DONNOVAN.

_Answer._—According to the report of the Commissioner of Education,
the number of idiots and feeble-minded children in Illinois in
1889 was 4,170; of blind, 2,615; of deaf mutes, 2,202. The United
States makes no provision for these classes. That is left to State
legislation. State institutions for the feeble-minded are located
at Syracuse, N. Y.; Columbus, Ohio; Faribault, Minn.; Glenwood,
Iowa; Frankfort, Ky., and Lincoln, Ill. At Columbus, Syracuse, and
Faribault children are taught the elementary branches, and have
various occupations for physical exercise; at Glenwood much attention
is given to kindergarten training; at Frankfort, to physical
development. In our State institution the children are divided into
ten classes, the three highest being graded, and, in addition to the
common branches, they are taught vocal music and calisthenics:[;?]
also sewing, gardening, and other occupations.


ARTICHOKES.

  JUNIATA, Neb.

  Please state the value of artichokes as food for hogs. How should
  they be raised?

  JOHN COWAN.

_Answer._—At one time artichokes were supposed to be very watery and
injurious food for swine, but a careful analysis has proved that they
are not less nutritious than potatoes. In the Western States they
grow wild in great quantities, and the roots are greedily devoured
by the hogs. The Brazil variety should be extensively cultivated in
a well-drained soil, as it is hardy and easily raised. The American
Encyclopedia of Agriculture gives the following instructions for
cultivating them: “Furrow the ground four feet apart and plant the
tubers an inch below the surface and about ten inches apart, covering
about two inches. Keep free from weeds with the ordinary two-horse
corn-cultivator. Dig in the fall and leave the tubers to be rooted
out by the hogs in autumn, winter, and spring. They bear great heat
and drought, and are excellent food for horses, cows and sheep in
winter if used in connection with food and salt.


UNITED STATES MILITIA.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  What is the total militia force of the United States, organized and
  unorganized?

  N. SNYDER.

_Answer._—The organized militia force of the United States, according
to the latest returns made to the Adjutant General of the United
States army, as given in the report of the Chief of Ordnance to the
Secretary of War, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1880, was as
follows: Total non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
117,037. Add 145 general officers, 921 general staff officers, 1,605
regimental field and staff officers, 8,869 company officers, and the
aggregate is 125,906. Of these, New York had the largest number,
20,280; Arkansas the next largest, 16,377, South Carolina the next,
11,805; Pennsylvania the next, 9,750; Ohio the next, 8,374, and
Illinois the next, 7,394. These figures are altered somewhat now, but
cannot be given accurately. The number of men subject to military
duty, but unorganized, on June 30, 1880, was 6,516,758.


MISSISSIPPI NAVIGATION.

  DES MOINES, Iowa.

  Give your Iowa readers a few facts as to the navigation of the
  Mississippi River. About what proportion of the time is it closed
  by ice or on account of low water?

_Answer._—Averaged for the nine years from 1865 to 1873, the depth
of water below St. Louis was eight feet or over for about one-half
the year, and less than four feet not quite three and one-half days a
year. The time that navigation was arrested by ice in the ten seasons
from 1870 to 1880 averaged thirty-five days a year; and the time
that barges could not be loaded to eight feet draft on account of
low water or ice, during the seven years ending with 1880, averaged
about one hundred and twenty-six days a year. In the canals around
the Mississippi rapids and between the Mississippi and the lakes,
navigation is suspended above five months each year. To appreciate
the significance of the above figures as to depth of water, it must
be borne in mind that, where the depth of water is eight feet and
over, grain is transported at less than half what it costs when the
depth is four feet. There are years when navigation below St. Louis
is not obstructed by ice all winter through; as for example, in the
winters of 1868-69, 1873-74, 1875-76, while in the rigorous winter of
1877-78 the river was closed at St. Louis seventy days. Between St.
Louis and Quincy navigation is obstructed by ice about four months
every year, and by low water about thirty-five days more, while
between Quincy and St. Paul navigation is practically closed about
half of every year either on account of ice or low water.


MILLAIS’ PICTURE OF THE HUGUENOT.

  DENVER, Col.

  Kindly inform us through Our Curiosity Shop what is the
  significance of the handkerchief in Millais’ picture of “The
  Huguenot.” I have gone to the limit of my resources and can find no
  allusion whatever to any such badge.

  F. G. WOODBRIDGE.

_Answer._—On the eve of the bloody massacre of French Protestants,
which commenced in Paris in the dead of night of Aug. 24, 1572, the
Duke of Guise, to prevent the assassination by mistake of any of his
own party, the Catholics, issued a secret order that every Catholic
bind a strip of white linen around his arm, as a badge to be known
by. This incident is vividly depicted in Millais’ celebrated painting
of “The Huguenot,” where the Catholic maiden, who is aware of this
secret order, seeks to save her bold Protestant or “Huguenot” lover
by pledging him to wear her handkerchief around his arm until they
meet again.


NORTH AMERICAN POULTRY ASSOCIATION.

  FAIRFIELD, Iowa.

  What is the object of the poultry association, formed in Ohio some
  time ago? Is it merely for speculative purposes, or has it a public
  mission to perform? Who are the officers and who can become members?

  POULTRY RAISER.

_Answer._—Probably the organization referred to in the above question
is what calls itself the North American Poultry Association. Its
declared purpose is “to take united action in the extension of the
business of producing poultry and eggs for market, and for the
mutual protection and advancement of the interests of producers.”
This it proposes to do by showing people that “poultry-raising
is more profitable than any other branch of stock-raising;” by
keeping its members informed as to the best markets for poultry
and eggs at different seasons of the year; by uniting to get the
lowest shipping rates; by efforts to protect each other from
dishonest poultry dealers or commission men; by imparting to one
another useful information as to cures for diseases of fowls, and
improvements in feeding and taking care of them. Whether some of
the principal members are using this organization for selfish
purposes to any reprehensible degree, as has been charged by one or
more correspondents, we are not prepared to affirm or deny. Some
of them are engaged in raising and selling fancy fowls and eggs
at high prices, but as that is one of the declared objects of the
association, it may only prove that it is fulfilling its mission. Any
one in any part of the United States or Canada who wishes to become
a member is invited to send $2 to the Treasurer, with a request that
his name be presented to the association for admission to membership,
the money to be returned in case he is not elected. In the opinion of
some correspondents, the reason for demanding this prepayment is very
obscure. Hoping to obtain official enlightenment as to the character
of this association, THE INTER OCEAN addressed an inquiry to W. L.
Chamberlain, Secretary of the Ohio State Board of Agriculture, to
which he returned the following reply, which renders us unwilling to
publish the names and postoffice address of officers of the so-called
association:

“COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov., 1883.—Dear Sir: Yours relative to American
Poultry Association, of——, Ohio, to hand. We have no official
knowledge of any such association, as no reports from it are made to
this department, as there are from all the other various agricultural
organizations of the State. Inquiry at the Secretary of State’s
office fails to reveal any incorporation of said association. Might
also add that we have no personal knowledge of the association in
question. Respectfully,

  W. I. CHAMBERLAIN,
  “Secretary Ohio State Board of Agriculture.”


LAKE TAHOE.

  RICHMOND, Ind.

  What are the dimensions of Lake Tahoe, why is it so admired, and
  how near is it to the Central Pacific Railroad?

  TRAVELER.

_Answer._—Lake Tahoe is a lovely sheet of water at the eastern base
of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, and fourteen miles southward from
Truckee, on the Central Pacific Railroad. It is about 6,250 feet
above the ocean, and is environed by scenery full of picturesque
loveliness. The length, according to the latest authorities, is
35 miles, its width about 15 miles, and its depth 1,500 feet. Its
waters are clear as crystal, cold as ice, and full of trout. Pleasure
steamers ply on it in summer. Its outlet is the Truckee River. The
surrounding scenery, the perfect transparency of its waters, the
fishing, and the delicious atmosphere render it a favorite summer
resort.


THE NATIONAL CAPITOL.

  MONTICELLO, Ind.

  When was the Capitol of the United States begun; when finished; and
  what was its cost? Give its dimensions.

  JAMES COBLE.

_Answer._—The southeast corner-stone of the Capitol was laid Sept.
18, 1793, “by Brother George Washington, assisted by the Worshipful
Masters and Free Masons of the surrounding cities, the military, and
a large number of people.” The north wing was ready for occupancy in
1800, the south wing in 1808; but both were partially destroyed by
the British in 1811. The foundation of the main building was laid in
1818 (March 24), the restoration of the wings having been commenced
three years earlier; and the whole was completed in 1827. July 4,
1851, the corner-stone of the south extension was laid by President
Fillmore, and this was finished in 1857. The north extension was
occupied by the Senate in 1859. The present dome, commenced in 1855,
was completed eight years later, and Dec. 12, 1863, the American flag
floated from its summit. Thus far the cost of the entire building
has been $13,000,000—main building, $3,000,000; dome, $1,000,000;
extensions, $8,000,000; miscellaneous items, $1,000,000. The length
of the entire building is 751 feet 4 inches; its greatest breadth,
324 feet; and it covers a little over 3½ acres. The distance from the
ground to the top of the dome is 307½ feet; the diameter of the dome,
135½ feet.


MONEY AND GOODS BY TELEGRAPH.

  SPIRIT LAKE, Iowa.

  What is the method of sending money by telegraph; and about what
  does it cost? Is it true that telegraph companies will fill orders
  for household supplies? If so, explain how it is done, and oblige
  several

  SUBSCRIBERS.

_Answer._—It is not telegraph companies, but express companies that
do such business. One of the leading express companies will send
money from any one of its important city or village agencies to
another at the following rates, in addition to the cost of telegraph
service: For sums of $100 or less, 1 per cent; for sums between $100
and $200, $1.25; between $200 and $300, $1.50; between $300 and $400,
$1.75; between $400 and $500, $2; for larger sums special rates, to
be learned only of agents. The same company will purchase goods for
family consumption, without extra charges; and will advance the money
for orders not exceeding $5 each, provided deposit is made with the
agent at the office from which order is sent. Similar accommodation
is provided for by other express companies.


ALCOHOL IN A BUSHEL OF GRAIN.

  LAFAYETTE, Ill.

  How much pure liquor can be made from a bushel of corn, rye, wheat,
  or barley, as a general rule?

  CHARLES OSENBAUGH.

_Answer._—Corn affords 40 pounds of spirits of the specific gravity
of 0.9427, containing 45 per cent of absolute alcohol for each 100
pounds of grain; wheat, 40 to 45 pounds of spirits; barley, 40; oats,
36; rye, 36 to 42; buckwheat, 40. Now, 40 pounds of such spirits
equal 3½ (3.5) gallons of government-proof spirits. Taking corn at
56 pounds per bushel, rye at 56 pounds, wheat at 60, barley at 48,
oats at 32, and buckwheat at 52, these grains should afford the
following quantities of proof spirits per bushel: Corn and rye, each,
1.96 gallons, or almost 2 gallons; wheat, 2.1 gallons; barley, 1.68
gallons; oats, 1.12 gallons, and buckwheat, 1.82 gallons.


U. S. LOANS IN 1860.

  MINONK, Ill.

  Did this government borrow money during James Buchanan’s
  administration? If so, at what interest? What interest did the
  government pay for money borrowed to carry on the Mexican war?

_Answer._—In June, 1860, Congress authorized the loan of $20,000,000,
and in October, $1,000,000, at 5 per cent, was put upon the market;
but, owing to the Presidential election of that year and the
consequent change in the aspect of politics, the final amount issued
was but $7,022,000. On Dec. 17 a law was passed permitting the issue
of $10,000,000; $5,000,000 was offered, and but $500,000 was bid, at
12 per cent. Other offers at 24 to 36 per cent were rejected. By the
31st of December most of the remainder had been taken by banks and
bankers upon certain conditions securing the interest. In January,
1861, the remaining $5,000,000, under the act of December, was
awarded as follows: $10,000 at 8¾ per cent, $30,000 at 9 per cent,
$10,000 at 9¼ per cent, $140,000 at 9½ per cent, $67,000 at 9¾ per
cent, $721,000 at 10 per cent, $265,000 at 10¼ per cent, $543,000
at 10½ per cent, $1,267,000 at 10¾ per cent, and $1,947,000 at 11
per cent. Feb. 8 Congress passed another bill, authorizing a loan of
$25,000,000, at 6 per cent interest, to run not less than ten nor
more than twenty years, the stock to be sold to the highest bidder.
The amount offered was $14,355,000, of which all below 90 per cent
were rejected, and the stock as awarded ranged from 90½ to 96 per
cent. The tariff bill, which was passed March 2, authorized a loan
of $10,000,000, and restored the highest protective character to the
tariff. During the Mexican war, in 1847, the government made loans to
the amount of $9,415,250 at 6 per cent interest.


VAUXHALL GARDENS.

  MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa.

  I remember reading, when a boy, in a Baltimore paper, an account
  of the destruction by fire of the art gallery of Vauxhall Garden,
  London, and I think it stated also “with a loss of all the valuable
  paintings.” Please state in what year that conflagration occurred,
  Any information regarding this garden would be of interest to many,
  I am sure.

  JOSEPH ROGERS.

_Answer._—Vauxhall Garden, named from its site in “La Salle
Faukes,” was first opened to the public in 1660, and was for nearly
two centuries the favorite resort for a large class of London
pleasure-seekers. It was laid out with beautiful walks, fountains,
booths, and buildings, and was nightly thronged by a gay and
brilliant company, eating and drinking, while they gossiped or made
love to the sound of constant music. But toward the latter part of
the eighteenth century the garden fell into disrepute, through the
increasing laxity of many of its patrons, and on July 25, 1859, the
garden was forever closed, its site being soon covered with streets
and buildings. We cannot find the date of the fire you mention. It is
consoling, however, to know that few, if any, of the paintings had
great merit. A vivid description of Vauxhall is given in Thackeray’s
“Vanity Fair.”


ARMY—RIVERS, AND HARBORS.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  A friend asserts that the cost of the United States army is nearly
  fifty million dollars a year? I say it is not much more than half
  that amount. What does Our Curiosity Shop say?

  JOHN ALLEN.

_Answer._—It says that you are nearer right than your friend. It is
likely that he gets his notion from noting the total expenditures
for the “military establishment” as given in Secretary Folger’s
report a few days ago, amounting to $48,911,382.93. Let him look at
the items and he will see such ones as this, “Improving rivers and
harbors,” $13,639,381.27 included under the above head. Owing to the
important bearing of the transportation question and the condition
of our harbors upon the subject of National defense; in deference
to the State rights advocates of early times; and also because of
the prevailing confidence in the ability of the engineer corps of
the United States army, the appropriations made by Congress for the
improvement of the National water-ways have, as a rule, been expended
under the direction of army engineers. Below are given all the items
that enter into the grand total of nearly fifty millions which your
friend erroneously charges up as the annual cost of the United States
army. This is a statement for the fiscal year closing June 30, 1883:

  Pay Department                                        $12,659,814.60
  Commissary Department                                   2,062,922.17
  Quartermaster’s Department                             13,179,792.45
  Medical Department                                        377,647.82
  Ordnance Department                                     1,861,826.37
  Military Academy                                          144,332.46
  Improving rivers and harbors                           13,639,381.27
  Contingencies                                              26,676.19
  Expenses of recruiting                                    100,646.45
  Signal Service                                            294,466.54
  Expenses of military convicts                              93,085.37
  Publishing official records of the rebellion               33,486.68
  Support of National Home for Disabled Volunteers        1,122,088.03
  Support of Soldiers’ Home                                 162,928.48
  Construction of military posts, roads, etc.               268,707.69
  Fortifications                                            174,312.72
  National cemeteries                                       211,156.55
  Fifty per cent arrears of army transportation             296,379.38
  Construction of military telegraphs                        48,989.00
  Bounty to soldiers, act of July 28, 1866                   75,214.30
  Expenses of arctic exploring expedition                    53,000.00
  Bounty to volunteers                                      244,550.91
  Mississippi River Commission                              165,000.00
  Reimbursing the State of Missouri                         234,580.10
  Reimbursing the State of Oregon.                           70,268.08
  Claims for quartermasters’ and commissary supplies        311,062.75
  Refunding to States expenses in raising volunteers        454,163.07
  Operating and care of canals                              199,200.00
  Horses and other property lost in the service             105,061.60
  Purchase of the Arlington estate                          125,000.00
  Miscellaneous                                             115,641.90
                                                        ——————————————
    Total military establishment                        $48,911,382.93

The first five of the above items, aggregating a little over thirty
million dollars, constitute almost the entire expenditure on account
of the existing army and its operations during the year named.


ESTIMATING WEIGHT OF CATTLE.

  HASTINGS, Neb.

  Give us a rule, if there is any, for calculating the weight of
  cattle by measuring them.

  A. C.

_Answer._—No rule will lead to anything more than an approximation
to the actual weight. Every stock-raiser should have his own scales.
The following is as good a rule as any for estimating the weight of
animals by measure: Multiply the girth in inches, taken immediately
behind the shoulder blade, by the length in inches from the square
of the buttock to the point of the shoulder blade, and divide the
product by 144, which gives the number of superficial feet. If the
animal has a girth of 3 to 5 feet, multiply the number of superficial
feet by 16, and you will have its approximate weight. If the girth
is 5 to 7 feet multiply by 23, and if 7 to 9 feet multiply by 31.
If less than 3 feet girth, as in the cases of small calves, hogs,
sheep, etc., multiply by 11. Allowance must be made for the build
of the animal, conditions of fattening, etc. The above rule is
for grass-fed cattle; it being estimated that in the cases of
grass-fatted sheep, calves, and kine, or steers, each superficial
foot, when the girth is 3 feet or under, represents a weight of 11
pounds; when 3 to 5 feet, 16 pounds; when 5 to 7 feet, 23 pounds,
and when 7 to 9 feet, 31 pounds. Thus an ox measuring eight feet
girth and seven and a half feet in length should weigh about 8x7½x31
pounds, or, say 1,860 pounds. Under this rule it is customary to
deduct one-twentieth of the whole for half-fatted cattle; from 15 to
20 pounds on a cow having had calves, and if not fat an equal amount.


SMUT IN WHEAT.

  ILIA, N. Y.

  What is the cause of smut in wheat, and what is a sure preventive?

  G. F.

_Answer._—Smut is a fungus with very minute spores, that feeds upon
the grain, replacing or destroying the organs upon which it feeds.
The best preventive used is a pound of blue vitriol in two gallons
of water. But it is not enough to sprinkle this over the wheat. Put
the grain into enough of the solution to cover it, and stir slowly
to allow the light material to rise. Skim, and at the end of an hour
spread the wheat on a dry floor, and sprinkle it with quick-lime,
previously so slacked with chamber lye as to leave the lime in
powder. So continue until you have all the wheat treated. In this
state it may be heaped, and remain several days before sowing, if
the heap be occasionally turned. If the wheat remains damp, it must
be still further dried, so it will pass easily from the drill, if
it is to be drilled. The above plan is recommended by the “American
Encyclopedia of Agriculture” as the only certain preventive. Yet even
this may fail sometimes.


FIRST REVOLVING TURRET.

LACON, Ill.—Reading an article in Our Curiosity Shop some time
ago set me to thinking of some papers of my former husband, H. G.
Hamlin, showing that in 1842 he and a Mr. Nathan I. Styles assisted
Mr. Theodore L. Timby, who afterward secured the first patent
for a turret-ship, to build a model. After much consulting and
experimenting, in 1843 they changed their plan and built a working
model called a “revolving battery for offensive and defensive warfare
on land and sea,” expense not to exceed $1,800. It was finished in
June, 1843. The said model consisted of a circular icon tower, about
five feet high and eight feet in diameter, with three decks, and
pierced on each deck for thirty-five guns, with two perfect engines
worked by steam to cause the said tower to revolve. The cost when
finished was $2,230. Said model was built in Syracuse, N. Y., and I
saw it on exhibition. I will here copy a letter from F. E. Spinner (I
cannot copy his signature):

“It is found on inquiry at the Navy Department that the government
pays no one for the use of the patent for the revolving turret. It
seems that the company with which Mr. Ericsson is connected has paid
a Mr. Timby $100,000 for the use of the patent, and Mr. Hamlin and
Styles never received $1.”

After knowing this, Mr. Hamlin applied to Timby for his share; he
denied that Mr. H. ever had any interest in it. This was in 1863.
He had the papers all made out for his claim, but was taken with
congestion of the lungs, and died in a few days.

I heard Mr. Timby say that he conceived the idea when he was only
18 years of age. I don’t like the way he treated his partners, but
I like to give credit where credit is due. Mr. Ericsson deserves
much of his country for his energy and perseverance in making the
application when he did.

Please excuse all blunders, as I am an old woman, almost 74 years of
age, and this is the first time I ever wrote to an editor. My present
husband is nearly 81. We intend to read THE INTER OCEAN as long as
our sight will permit.

  MRS. WM. MAXWELL.


CLIFF DWELLINGS IN SONORA.

  WHITEWATER, Wis.

  Is it so that there has been a recent discovery of ancient
  dwellings in Sonora cut in the sides of the mountains, in solid
  rock? If so, is it known who made them?

  ABORIGINE.

_Answer._—There are some remarkable ruins about four miles southeast
of Magdalena, Mexico, in the State of Sonora, which have of late
attracted a good deal of notice. There is among these one pyramid,
with a base of 4,320 feet square and an elevation of 750 feet. It
has a winding roadway, leading by an easy grade from bottom to top,
wide enough for carriages. This is several miles long. In the sides
of this mountain, as one ascends, he passes hundreds of chambers cut
in the solid rock, with walls, floor, and ceiling hewn to an even
precision truly remarkable. These chambers vary in size from five to
ten, sixteen, and even eighteen feet square. There are no windows and
but one entrance, which is always from the top. The height of the
ceiling, usually, is eight feet. The walls are covered in places with
hieroglyphics and figures of men and animals. In some places feet
and hands of human beings are found cut in the rock. Who constructed
these dwellings is not now certainly known. Some claim that they were
the ancestors of the ancient Aztecs or Toltecs. It is not improbable
that they are the remains of ancient Zuni tribes.


GOVERNORS OF INDIANA.

  GREENCASTLE, Ind.

  Will the Curiosity Shop give me the names of the Governors of
  Indiana from 1800 to the present time and the time when each was in
  office.

  C. E. JACKSON.

_Answer._—Territorial Indiana had but three Governors: William H.
Harrison, 1800-1811; John Gibson, 1811-1813; Thomas Posey, 1813-1816.
Admitted to the Union in 1816, its first State Governor was Jonathan
Jennings, who served until 1822. His successors were William
Hendricks, 1822-1825; James B. Ray, 1825-1831; Noah Noble, 1831-1837;
David Wallace, 1837-1840; Samuel Bigger, 1840-1843: James Whitcomb,
1843-1848; Paris G. Dunning, 1848-1849; Joseph A. Wright, 1849-1857;
Ashbel P. Willard, 1857-1861; Oliver P. Morton, 1861-1867; Conrad
Baker, 1867-1873; Thomas A. Hendricks, 1873-1877; James D. Williams,
1877-1881; Albert G. Porter, 1881-1885.


LOYAL CONFERENCE—DIAMONDS.

  OHIO, Ill.

  1. I was told that some religious body of persons—as a
  conference—cheered on hearing the news of a political achievement.
  What body was it, and where? 2. Is there a tariff on diamonds
  brought into this country? 3. Are the women of Utah allowed to vote
  at general elections?

  NELSON SHIFFLET.

_Answer._—In several instances during the late war the Methodist
Episcopal Church Conferences cheered and sang the doxology when news
of great victories for the Union was announced; and in religious
meetings of several denominations the announcement of President
Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation was received with shouts or
cheers and songs of thanksgiving. 2. Glaziers diamonds are on the
free list, but on other diamonds, cut or uncut, there is a duty of 25
per cent ad valorem. 3. Utah women have the right of suffrage in all
Territorial elections. None of the Territories have any voice in the
Presidential elections.


STATE OFFICERS OF WISCONSIN.

  SHARON, Wis.

  1. What steps must be taken before a Territory can be admitted to
  the Union as a State? 2. Please name the different State officers
  of Wisconsin, the salary of each, and when each term began and will
  end.

  A READER.

_Answer._—The answer to your second question would fill one or two
columns of our paper, and we must, therefore, refer you to the
Secretary of State, Madison, Wis. The following is a list of the
present State officers:

  Governor, J. M. Rusk                                 $5,000
  Lieutenant Governor, S. S. Fifield                    1,000
  Secretary of State, E. G. Timme                       5,000
  Treasurer, E. C. McFetridge                           5,000
  Attorney General, L. F. Frisby                        3,000
  Adjutant General, C. P. Chapman                         500
  Superintendent Public Schools, Robert Graham          1,200
  Secretary Agricultural Society, C. Babbitt            2,000
  Commissioners of Lands, Secretary of State,
    State Treasurer, and Attorney General, ex-officio
  Insurance Commissioner, P. L. Spooner, Jr             3,000
  Railroad Commissioner, N. P. Hanger                   3,000
  State Librarian, J. R. Berryman                       1,500
  Chief Justice, Orsamus Cole                           5,000
  Associate Justices, W. P. Lyon, H. S. Orton, David
    Taylor, and J. B. Cassady, each                     5,000
  Clerk, Clarence Kellogg, $5 per day and fees.

The terms of the first four officers named, and of the Superintendent
of Public Schools, began Jan. 2, 1882, and will end Jan. 7, 1885;
the Adjutant General is appointed by the Governor, as is also the
State Librarian; the Secretary of the State Agricultural society is
elected by the board; the term of the Insurance Commissioners began
Jan. 5, 1882, and will end Jan. 5, 1885. Your first question has been
answered recently as well as we can do it.


MAINE LIQUOR LAW.

  MT. AYR, Iowa.

  Please tell us what the Maine liquor law is, and its effects. Are
  the Prohibitionists generally satisfied with the law?

  M. J. DONAHOE.

_Answer._—The “Maine law,” briefly stated, is this: The sale of all
intoxicating liquors shall be controlled exclusively by a special
agent, appointed by the State; and he shall superintend their
lawful sale for medicinal, mechanical, and manufacturing purposes.
All other persons are prohibited from selling any liquors, except
unadulterated cider and wine, and from manufacturing for unlawful
sale. The authorized commissioner, violating the law, shall be fined
not less than $30, and imprisoned for not more than three months. A
common seller shall be fined not less than $100 nor more than $250,
with imprisonment for from three to four months. Any one receiving
injury from an intoxicated person may sue the one who sold the
liquor. The lessee or owner of the saloon is also liable. As to the
effect of the law, we quote from the address of Governor Dingley to
the Legislature, in 1875: “The statistics (in the Attorney General’s
report) show that during the past year, in the Supreme Court alone,
there have been 276 convictions, 41 commitments to jail, and $30,898
collected in fines under these laws—more of each than in any other
year, and four times as many convictions and ten times as many
fines as in 1866, when the general enforcement of these laws was
resumed after the close of the war. It is significant, also, that
during these nine or ten years of gradually increasing efficiency
in the enforcement of the laws against dram-shops, the number of
convicts in the State Prison has fallen off more than one-fourth.”
Governor Sidney Perham, in his message to the Legislature in 1872,
says; “The present law, when it is enforced, is, so far as I can
judge, as effective in the suppression of the traffic as are other
criminal laws against the crimes they are intended to prevent.”
And Governor Chamberlain, in his message of 1870, said; “The laws
against intoxicating liquors are as well executed and obeyed as the
laws against profanity, unchastity, and murder.” These are a few
of the testimonies given to the efficiency of the Maine law. As a
rule prohibitionists are satisfied with the efficiency, but not the
sufficiency, of the legislation. Still the cause of temperance has
been greatly aided by the Maine legislation, and the progress has
probably been as great as could be expected.


GREAT SALT LAKE.

  FREDONIA, N. Y.

  What is the extent of Great Salt Lake? Has it any outlet? Are the
  waters salt enough to make good salt? Is Salt Lake City on the
  margin of the lake, or some distance off? Is it navigable?

_Answer._—Great Salt Lake is a remarkable body of water, in some
respects the most remarkable in the world. Like the Dead Sea and the
Aral Sea, in Asia, it has no outlet. Its extent is given variously
by different authors. One explanation of this may be the generally
conceded fact that the rainfall of the region between the Rocky
Mountains and the Sierra Nevada is increasing, and the average level
of Salt Lake seems to be steadily rising, so whereas one authority
states the length of the lake as about ninety miles and the breadth
as from twenty to thirty-five miles, another says it is seventy miles
long and forty-five broad. One says its area is about 3,200 square
miles, and another says it is between 3,000 and 4,000 square miles.
One says it is about 4,200 feet above sea level, while another says
it is 4,250 feet above, and still rising, and a still later statement
sets it at 4,260 feet above tidewater. One gives the mean depth
at 12 feet, and another at about twenty feet. Its maximum depth is
variously given at sixty feet and seventy-eight feet. It contains
numerous rocky islands, the longest of which, Antelope, is fifteen
miles long. Some of these islands are used as sheep pastures. The
Bear, the Weber, and the Jordan rivers empty into this lake, and are
for the most part absorbed by the sandy plain or evaporated by the
dry air of the Great Fremont Basin. Only the Bear River is navigable,
and that near its mouth. A line of steamers plies between Corinne,
on the north shore, and Black Rock, on the south. Its waters contain
about 20 per cent of common salt; some salt is manufactured from this
natural brine, and there is no doubt that in time this industry will
develop here into great importance. Unlike the Dead Sea, this lake
abounds with animal life, insects, shrimps, etc., but not, like the
Aral Sea, with fish. The United States Fish Commission has undertaken
the experiment of stocking it with certain salt-water fish, and with
some prospect of success. Salt Lake City is about eleven miles from
the lake in a straight line, and fifteen miles by the traveled road.


INDIAN EDUCATION.

  CARLINVILLE, Ill.

  An Indian-hater in this neighborhood asserts very positively
  that the attempts made to educate the Indians are all time and
  money thrown away. What figures can you give us to disprove this
  assertion?

  A READER.

_Answer._—The last report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
furnishes proof positive that “Indian-hater” is either utterly
unprepared to make assertions on this subject, or wilfully
misrepresents the facts. Last year there were 5,113 Indian pupils
being taught at boarding-schools, and 5,014 in day-schools. There are
seventy-eight boarding-schools upon Indian reservations, having in
all 4,396 pupils, and in these industrial training has been carried
on so successfully that the pupils have cultivated 1,526 acres,
raising 18,334 bushels of corn, 4,952 bushels of oats, 19,340 bushels
of vegetables, and have made 1,171 tons of hay, and 4,325 pounds
of butter. Of the boarding pupils in schools not on reservations,
641 have attended the Indian training-schools at Hampton (109),
Carlisle (390), and Forest Grove (151), and 106 have been distributed
among various white schools in the States. At Hampton, since 1878,
the government has contributed in all $52,000, and private charity
$81,000, or, taking the existing number of students as the standard
for the five years, $244 per year per student. In these training
schools the industrial and mechanic arts are kept in the foreground,
and the main object is to inspire the minds of the young Indians with
habits of faithful, continuous work. During the past year Carlisle,
in addition to much other work, has turned out ten spring wagons
to be sent to Indian agencies, and Carlisle and Hampton propose to
furnish during the present fiscal year 2,000 pair of shoes, 3,350
dozen articles of tinware, 22 dozen bridles and halters, and 450
sets of harness. An effort is made to teach every Indian girl pupil
sewing and housework and the boys farming and mechanical trades.
The various religious societies have expended $74,689 in aid of the
government work of education strictly, besides $70,142 expended
on their own missionary work. This is besides $13,278 contributed
by them in aid of Forest Grove and Carlisle training schools, the
$26,668 in aid of the pupils at Hampton, $30,504 expended by the
societies on their own seminaries, academies, and missions among the
five civilized tribes, and $24,149 devoted to schools and missions
in Alaska. The Commissioner pays a high tribute to the value of this
religious aid.


CHINESE PROVERBS.

  LASALLE, Ill.

  I have just read that the Chinese are exceedingly fond of proverbs,
  and make great use of them. That many of these proverbs are full of
  lofty sentiment and wisdom. Can the Curiosity Shop give us a few of
  them as specimens?

  A REGULAR READER.

_Answer._—The Chinese are indeed remarkably fond of proverbs. They
not only employ them in conversation—and even to a greater degree
than the Spaniards, who are noted among Europeans for the number
and excellence of their proverbial sayings—but they have a practice
of adorning their reception rooms with these sententious bits of
wisdom, inscribed on decorated scrolls or embroidered on rich
crapes and brocades. They carve them on door posts and pillars, and
emblazon them on the walls and ceilings in gilt letters. In 1875,
W. Scarborough published a collection of 2,720 Chinese proverbs;
and these are but a small part of the great collections to be found
in the “Jeweled Mirror for Illumining the Mind,” “The Coral Forest
of Ancient Matters,” and other Chinese works. The following are a
few specimens of this sort of literature, taken from “The Middle
Kingdom,” by S. Wells Williams, for many years Secretary of the
United States Legation at Peking, and several times de facto United
States Minister. As a sneer at the use of unnecessary force to crush
a contemptible enemy, they say; “He rides a fierce dog to catch a
lame rabbit.” Similar to this is another, “To use a battle-ax to
cut off a hen’s head.” They say of wicked associates: “To cherish a
bad man is like nourishing a tiger; if not well fed he will devour
you.” Here are several others mingling wit with wisdom: “To instigate
a villain to do wrong is like teaching a monkey to climb trees;”
“To catch fish and throw away the net,” which recalls our saying,
“Using the cat’s paw to pull the chestnuts out of the fire;” “To
climb a tree to catch a fish,” is to talk much to no purpose; “A
superficial scholar is a sheep dressed in a tiger’s skin;” “A cuckoo
in a magpie’s nest,” equivalent to saying, “he is enjoying another’s
labor without compensation;” “If the blind lead the blind they will
both fall into the pit;” “A fair wind raises no storm;” “Vast chasms
can be filled, but the heart of man is never satisfied;” “The body
may be healed, but the mind is incurable;” “He seeks the ass, and
lo! he sits upon him;” “He who looks at the sun is dazzled; he who
hears the thunder is deafened,” i. e., do not come too near the
powerful; “Prevention is better than cure;” “Wine and good dinners
make abundance of friends, but in adversity not one of them is to be
found.” “Let every man sweep the snow from before his own door, and
not trouble himself about the frost on his neighbors’ tiles.” The
following one is a gem of moral wisdom: “Only correct yourself on
the same principle that you correct others; and excuse others on the
same principles on which you excuse yourself.” “Better not be, than
be nothing.” “One thread does not make a rope; one swallow does not
make a summer.” “Sensuality is the chief of sins, filial duty the
best of acts.” “The horse’s back is not so safe as the buffalo’s”—the
former is used by the politician, the latter by the farmer. “Too much
lenity multiplies crime.” “If you love your son give him plenty of
the rod; if you hate him, cram him with dainties.” “He is my teacher
who tells me my faults, he my enemy who speaks my virtues.” Having a
wholesome dread of litigation, they say of one who goes to law, “He
sues a flea to catch a bite.” Their equivalent for our “coming out
at the little end of the horn” is, “The farther the rat creeps up
(or into) the cow’s horn, the narrower it grows.” The truth of their
saying that “The fame of good deeds does not leave a man’s door, but
his evil acts are known a thousand miles off,” is illustrated in our
own daily papers every morning. Finally, we close this list with a
Chinese proverb which should be inscribed on the lintel of every
door in Christendom; “The happy hearted man carries joy for all the
household.”


SHINTUISM—BUDDHISM—CONFUCIANISM.

  CASTLETON, Ill.

  Please give us a statement in the “Curiosity Shop” of what is known
  as Shintuism, Buddhism, and Confucianism, as now existing in China
  and Japan.

  W. H. JORDAN.

_Answer._—Shintuism, Sintuism, Sintoism, or Sin-syuism, is the
prevailing religion of Japan, the worship of the sun-goddess,
Ten-sio-dai-sin. The descendant and viceregent on earth of this
deity is the Mikado, who is therefore worshiped as a demi-god.
Two ecclesiastical judges, with monks and priests, complete the
hierarchy, and the latter minister at innumerable shrines and
temples, raised for the worship of the chief deity and a legion of
canonized heroes and benefactors. In these temples there is no idol
visible, but on the shrine is a mirror, symbolizing purity. Sintuism
requires pre-eminently heart purity and general temperance, and as
aids to these prescribes pilgrimages to holy places, observance
of holy days, and mortification of the body. Buddhism, one of the
oldest existing religions, traces its origin 2,460 years back, to
Siddhartha, or Buddha, a Hindoo prince. Its two most prominent
doctrines are the transmigration of the soul and the cursed condition
or total depravity of human existence in its natural state. The first
teaches that at death every soul immediately assumes another body,
corresponding in form and habitation to the previous character of
the spirit. If noble, it may become a divinity, or dwell in some
high place upon the earth, while the wicked wander as reptiles and
vermin, or inhabit the hells in the interior of the earth. The least
term of suffering is 10,000,000 years, of happiness 10,000,000,000
years. But however long or short, it must have an end, and the soul
enters a new body. Buddha himself, it is said, has passed through
every form of existence. The second doctrine is embodied in the “Four
Sublime Verities:” Pain exists; its cause is desire; it may be ended
by Nirvana; the way to Nirvana is a rise through eight gradations,
from simple faith to complete regeneration. Theoretically this
religion has no priests nor clergy nor public religious rites. Every
man is his own priest and confessor, and the monks are ascetics only
for their own advancement in holy living; but, in fact, Buddhist
countries swarm with priests, or religious teachers, so reputed.
Confucianism is epitomized in the following words of the great
teacher: “I teach you nothing but what you might learn yourselves,
viz., the observance of the three fundamental laws of relation
between sovereign and subject, father and child, husband and wife;
and the five capital virtues—universal charity, impartial justice,
conformity to ceremonies and established usages, rectitude of heart
and mind, and pure sincerity. Confucius did not profess to have
received any revelation from “Shan-te”—the Supreme Ruler—or to have
any clear conceptions of Him, although he acknowledged the existence
of such a being, and taught that His will as learned by studying
and practicing the wisdom of the ancients by the light of nature,
should be implicitly obeyed, as the only means of living virtuously
and happily and avoiding both in this life and the life to come the
penalties of evil-doing.


MERMAID TAVERN AND CLUB.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please give in the Curiosity Shop a description of the famous club
  founded by Sir Walter Raleigh and called the “Mermaid Club.” I have
  searched in vain for information on this subject.

  FANNIE MACK.

_Answer._—Tradition states that Sir Walter Raleigh, before his
unfortunate engagement with Cobham, gathered a number of his most
eminent friends in “The Mermaid,” and there instituted what was known
as the “Mermaid Club.” “The Mermaid” was a tavern so situated as to
have three entrances—on Bread, Cheap, and Friday streets, and was the
favorite resort of the leading actors and literary men in the reign
of Queen Elizabeth; but the Raleigh club was acknowledged to combine
“more talent and genius than ever met together before or since.” Here
Jonson, Beaumont, Fletcher, Selden, Carew, Donne, and Shakespeare
met for convivial enjoyment, and this was the scene of the famous
disputes between Jonson and Shakespeare, the two eminent dramatists.


THE BLACKSMITH KING.

  QUINCY, Ill.

  Did any king crown the blacksmith king of all trades, as
  illustrated in the heading of the _Industrial Worker_? If so, what
  is the story?

  JAMES ALBERTS.

_Answer._—In reply to this query we received the following
explanation from the editor of the paper mentioned: Our heading
illustrates an old Scriptural and Masonic legend, that of “Solomon
and the Iron-worker,” otherwise known as “Tubal Cain.” The scene is
the celebration of the completion of the great temple at Jerusalem.
It has been announced that on this occasion the one who of all others
has been most instrumental in the erection of the sacred structure
shall be given the chief seat of honor, and the guests are horrified
to perceive that the lowly blacksmith has, unobserved, placed himself
in it. Loud murmurs arise, and a movement is made having for its
object his ejectment. Nothing daunted, the man rises and declares
his supremacy over all the other artificers, in that he wrought all
their tools, and without his work they could have done nothing.
The correctness of his position is thus proven to the satisfaction
of the king, complaints are silenced, and all honor accorded the
humble smith. The dignity of labor, however unpretending, is thus
demonstrated. The Rabbinical legend of which we have here traced
a sketch, is full of beauty in its entirety, giving in detail the
challenge of the assembled guests, the defense of the man, and the
speech of the king.


NEBRASKA STATE NORMAL.

  WAHOO, Neb.

  What are the principal facts as to the State Normal School of this
  State? How long has it been in operation? What is the amount of the
  normal school fund? What is the amount of the annual appropriation
  to meet current expenses? What results have been obtained? Please
  answer and throw as much light as possible upon this subject, about
  which there is a good deal of discussion going on in this part of
  Nebraska just at the present time.

  SUBSCRIBER.

_Answer._—The State Normal School of Nebraska is located at Peru,
near the Missouri River, about fifty miles north of the Kansas
line. This is a town of 567 inhabitants, according to the census,
accessible only by a branch of the Burlington and Missouri Railroad.
It secured the location of the school by a donation of site and other
inducements at a time when the population of the State was only about
100,000. It graduated its first class, consisting of two members, in
1870. The total number of graduates to date is 73. Total enrollment
last year, 318—the largest number in the history of the school. The
normal endowment fund, in notes and bonds, aggregated $16,308.35
last year, and the income from all sources in 1881 amounted to
$2,423.58. The total appropriation asked of the last Legislature, was
as follows, the several items being represented by the principal as
“absolutely necessary to the efficient working of the school for each
of the next two fiscal years:”

  Salaries for teachers, per year                     $11,000
  Fuel and lights, per year                             1,000
  Repairs, per year                                       500
  Board’s expenses, per year                              500
  Janitor’s wages and help, per year                      500
  Apparatus, per year ..............                      500
  Printing, stationery, advertising, per y’r.             300
  Furniture, per year                                     300
  Wells and cisterns, per year                            200
  Imp’ts of grounds and buildings, per y’r.               200
  Incidentals, per year                                   200
  Postage and postal expenses, per year                   100
  Expense special inst’n and lectures, p. yr.             100
                                                      ———————
      Total                                           $15,400

The total amount granted averaged about $14,300 a year.


BLACK HAWK’S TOWER.

  SPRINGFIELD, Ill.

  Where is Black Hawk’s Tower, and what is it like? Is it built of
  masonry or earth?

  A. H. C.

_Answer._—It is a natural rock near the Falls of Rock River, near
the southeastern angle of Rock Island bluffs, a few miles from the
city of Rock Island. It commands an extensive view of the surrounding
country for ten miles up the Rock River Valley, and northward nearly
eight miles to the Mississippi. Black Hawk’s chief village was
situated in the forks of the Mississippi and Rock River, just below
this, and this wooded rock formed a natural lookout tower for him
on the side most open to attack. The name was given to it by the
pioneers.


WILLIAM ELLERY CHANNING.

  CHARLES CITY, Iowa.

  Please give a short account of the life and writings of Dr.
  Channing.

  MRS. R. W. MAY.

_Answer._—The great apostle of Unitarianism, as he has been called,
was born at Newport, R. I., April 7, 1780, and in his 15th year
entered Harvard University. In 1798, on his graduation day, he
delivered an oration that captivated the whole audience, and foretold
his future fame as an orator and writer. While teaching in Richmond,
Va., he became impressed with the evils of slavery, and deemed the
surest cure for all such abuses to be the spread of Christianity.
Returning to Harvard, he began his theological studies, acting at
the same time as regent of the university. In 1803 he assumed the
pastorate of Federal Street Church, Boston, and at once became
known as an eloquent and brilliant orator, as well as an efficient
minister. His finest oration, perhaps, is the one delivered upon
the fall of Napoleon, in 1814, and entitled “The Goodness of God in
Delivering the Christian World from Military Despotism.” In 1820 he
received the title of Doctor of Divinity from Harvard. Two years
later, while visiting in Europe, he met Coleridge, who said of him,
“He has the love of wisdom and the wisdom of love.” His “Remarks
Upon the Life and Character of Napoleon Bonaparte,” which appeared
in 1828, did much to spread his fame throughout the civilized world.
His greatest theological work is, probably, the “Evidences of
Christianity.” An earnest minister of the Unitarian Church, he was
always a sincerely devout Christian. A friend of the anti-slavery and
temperance movements, when they had but few, his last public speech
was in commemoration of the abolition of slavery in the British West
Indies. His death occurred in 1842, and his body was laid in the
cemetery of Mount Auburn.


SIR WILLIAM WALLACE.

  POSTVILLE, Iowa.

  1. Please give a sketch of Sir William Wallace, the Scottish
  patriot. 2. In what year was the Crimean war.

  MAUD MURLIN.

_Answer._—William Wallace was the youngest son of a knight of good
family in southwestern Scotland. The place of his birth is uncertain,
but the date was probably about the middle of the reign of Alexander
III. When Edward offered pardon to the Scottish leaders, after the
subjugation of Scotland and the surrender of Baliol, Wallace was
excepted by name, being ordered to surrender unconditionally. This
he refused to do, and for many years eluded the search of those who
coveted the handsome price put upon his head. In 1305, however, he
was seized and carried to London, and there, after a mock trial,
on the 23d of August, he was hanged, drawn, and quartered, as a
traitor. But his cause lived, and a year later Robert Bruce was
crowned at Scone, King of independent Scotland. 2. The Crimean war
lasted nearly two years, from 1854 to 1856.


“HOBSON’S CHOICE.”

  MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa.

  Please tell us the origin of the expression,“Hobson’s choice.”

  F. W. WILDER.

_Answer._—The _Atlantic Monthly_ for December, 1883, contained the
following: “The explanation of the proverbial saying about ‘Hobson’s
choice’ is given by Steele in the _Spectator_, No. 509,” The passage
referred to is this: “Tobias Hobson was the first man in England that
let out hackney horses. * * * When a man came for a horse he was led
into the stable where there was a great choice, but Hobson obliged
him to take the horse which stood nearest to the stable door: so that
every customer was alike well served, according to his chance, from
whence it became a proverb, when what ought to be your election was
forced upon you, to say, ‘Hobson’s choice.’”


CALIFORNIA.

  FONDA, Iowa.

  Will you be kind enough to give your readers a description of
  California—the climate and resources of the different parts of the
  State, and the price of land to each; what places are best adapted
  to fruit trees, and what fruits grow there, and the amount of
  teachers’ wages?

  HENRY JOHNSON.

_Answer._—The State of California is divided into three entirely
distinct sections: the coast region, the valleys of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers, and the deserts. Owing to the irregularity
of the surface, only about one-third of the State is arable, and in
northern California the crops are wholly dependent upon the rainfall.
In the southern part of the State the land is irrigated by numerous
streams. The chief products of California are wheat, barley, fruit,
timber, and gold; the raising of cattle and sheep is also profitable
business. The coast region is fertile and beautiful, abounding in
vineyards and orchards. The climate, varying from 51 degrees to 75
degrees in summer, and in winter seldom colder than 15 degrees, is
well suited to the cultivation of such fruits as apples, peaches,
pears, oranges, lemons, almonds, olives, and figs. In this region
also, is the great gold belt, most of the mines being on the western
slope of the Sierra Nevadas. All of the gold, however, is not found
here, as the earliest mining was on the southeastern slope, and the
precious metal is distributed over the most of the State. The valleys
of the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers occupy the country between
the coast range and the Sierras. This fertile region is devoted to
farming and grazing, and produces more barley than is raised in any
other State, while its wheat harvests increased 133 per cent from
1860 to 1870. Here, during the rainy season, the mercury falls to 45
deg., and seldom rises higher than 85 deg. In the Colorado desert
the difference between the mean temperature of January and July is
greater, being some 45 deg., while the mean annual temperature ranges
from 68 to 75 deg. Little land here is arable, owing to the lack
of irrigation. California has an excellent public school system,
closely resembling that of Massachusetts. In 1880 the average monthly
pay of male teachers was $79.50; of female teachers, $64.73. Land
in California is by no means cheap. The fruit lands are scarce, and
for the most part in the hands of private individuals; when well
cultivated and irrigated they sell for $150 to $300 per acre. Grain
lands in Northern and North Central California sell for $50 to $100
per acre, though some at a great distance from railroads and rivers
may be bought for $20 to $30. Grazing lands vary in price from $1.25
to $10 per acre, according to locality. There are fruit lands in
Southern California, far from Los Angeles and any good market, which
can be had for from $30 to $50 per acre.


THE “BRANDED HAND.”

  BEAVER CITY, Neb.

  Please give an account of the “Man with the Branded Hand,” who died
  a few years since. Why was he branded, and what was the name of the
  miscreant who officiated?

  B. W. HAWKINS.

_Answer._—The man who has become so famous was Jonathan Walker,
captain of a small vessel off the Florida coast. He was born at
Harwich, Mass., March 22, 1799, and died at Lake Harbor, Mich.,
April 20, 1878. June 23, 1844, though quite ill, and daily expecting
death, he attempted to carry seven slaves to Nassau, in the British
island, New Providence; but, when only a short distance out, he was
challenged by the sloop Catharine, and taken back to Key West. There
he was brought before a justice of the peace, and committed first to
jail, and afterward to the filthy hold of a steamboat that carried
him to Pensacola, where a new trial awaited him. This time, when he
was imprisoned, a chain of half-inch iron secured him to a huge ring
bolt, being fastened at the other end to a shackle around his ankle
that weighed half a ton. Owing to his feeble health his sufferings
were excruciating, but his further sentence read thus; “One hour in
the pillory, pelted with unmerchantable eggs; one year in prison for
each slave—seven in all; $600 for each slave, and all the costs;
and to be branded on the right hand with a large S, by a redhot
branding-iron.” But he bore his tortures without flinching, and lived
to be restored to his family after much unjust litigation. We do not
know who may have officiated at the branding; but Ebenezer Dorr, of
Maine, was at that time the United States Marshal for that district.
A beautiful monument to the memory of Captain Walker has been erected
in Muskegon, Mich.


THE OLDEST ARCHITECTURAL RUINS.

  DES MOINES, Iowa.

  What is the oldest architectural work known to exist?

  SCHOLAR.

_Answer._—Perhaps it is safe to say, with the editor of the “People’s
Cyclopedia,” that it is the remarkable rock-cut temples at Ipsambul
of Abousambul, in Nubia, on the left bank of the Nile. The largest
temple contains fourteen apartments hewn out of the solid rock. The
first and largest of these is 57 feet long and 52 feet broad, and is
supported by two rows of massive square pillars, four in each row,
and 30 feet high. To each of these pillars is attached a standing
colossus, or human figure, of enormous proportions, reaching to the
roof, overlaid with a kind of stucco and painted with gaudy colors,
apparently as brilliant now, after the lapse of over 4,000 years, as
when first laid on. In front of this temple are seated four still
larger human figures, two of them being 65 feet in height—presumed to
represent Rameses the Great, more frequently termed Sesostris, whose
marvelous military exploits are depicted in drawings and paintings on
the temple walls.


PRODUCTION OF SPIRITS.

  HURON, D. T.

  Is the production of spirits increasing or decreasing? Some
  temperance advocates maintain that it is growing less, owing to the
  efforts of the various temperance organizations.

  ANTI-SALOONIST.

_Answer._—The best answer to this question is contained in the latest
report of the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Folger says: “The
quantity of spirits produced and deposited in distillery warehouses
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1883, is less than the
production of 1882 by 31,839,853 gallons, and of 1881 by 43,741,842
gallons.” He distributes this decrease as follows:

  Decrease in production of—                Gallons.

  Bourbon whisky                           20,913,422
  Rye whisky                                4,440,123
  Alcohol                                   4,482,965
  Gin                                          23,366
  Highwines                                 2,260,428
  Miscellaneous                               241,385
                                           ——————————
      Total decrease                       32,361,689

  Increase in production of—     Gallons.

  Rum                               97,876
  Pure neutral or Cologne spirits  423,960
                                   ———————
      Total Increase                          521,836
                                           ——————————
      Net decrease                         31,839,853

There were remaining in distillery warehouses at the dates below
specified distilled spirits as follows:

  Dates.                                     Gallons.

  June 30, 1883                            80,499,993
  June 30, 1882                            89,962,645

There should come out of bonded warehouses, under the present law,
and pay tax, distilled spirits as follows:

  Dates.                                     Gallons.

  By June 6, 1884                          26,104,531
  By July 6, 1884                           3,495,512
                                           ——————————
      Total                                29,600,043

It is to avert taking this large amount of spirits out of warehouse
and throwing it upon the market more rapidly than it is called for
that the distillers are so lustily petitioning Congress to postpone
the date of withdrawal. Several causes have conspired to bring about
the decrease in production of spirits above shown, of which the vigor
with which the temperance movement has been pushed of late years is
indisputably one.


ART, HISTORICAL, AND SCIENTIFIC SOCIETIES.

  BATTLE CREEK, Mich.

  I am satisfied that many keen observers of climatic changes and
  other scientific phenomena, and many old residents of this country
  who are in possession of historical information of pioneer times
  which should be preserved, would communicate what they know to
  societies interested in such matters if THE INTER OCEAN would only
  publish a list of some of the most important of such societies.
  “Will not Our Curiosity Shop favor us with such a list? Also, give
  the names of a few of the most noted societies or academies of
  Europe.

  AMATEUR.

_Answer._—Taking the world at large there are many hundreds of
societies for the promotion of science, literature, or the arts.
It is not worth while to enumerate more than a few of those in
foreign countries. In France they have the famous Institute of
France, with its four academies, viz: The French Academy, the Academy
of Inscriptions and Belles Lettres, the Academy of Sciences, the
Academy of Fine Arts. There is the Royal Academy of Sciences at
Berlin; the Academy of Science at Manheim; the Electoral Bavarian
Academy of Sciences at Munich; the Imperial Academy of Sciences at
St. Petersburg; the Academy of Sciences at Stockholm; the Royal
Academy of Sciences at Copenhagen; the Royal Academy of Sciences
at Amsterdam; the Academy of Sciences at Madrid; the de Screti. or
Academia Secretorum Naturæ, at Naples; the Royal Academy of Sciences
at Turin; the Academy of Sciences at Lisbon; the Royal Academy,
London; and the Royal Irish Academy. Then there are academies for
the advancement of literature in nearly all European countries.
There were no fewer than 171 of these in Italy alone as early as
the sixteenth century, many of which still exist. Then there are
many academies of archæology and history, such as the Academy of
Herculaneum, Italy; the Academy of Inscriptions and Belles Lettres,
constituting one of the four academies of the Institute of France,
as above shown; the Celtic Academy, and others. There are academies
of medicine and surgery in various parts of the old world. As to
painting, sculpture, and music, they have such powerful auxiliary
societies as the Royal Academy of Arts, the Royal Academy of Music,
and the Academy of Ancient Music, in London; the Academy of Painting
and Sculpture and the Royal Academy of Music, in Paris; and similar
academies at Rome, Turin, Madrid, Berlin, Munich, and elsewhere.
There are geographical societies at all the principal capitals of
Europe. Of these the most conspicuous are the Royal Geographical
Society, London, the Geographical Society of France, Paris, the
Geographical Society of Berlin, and the Royal Asiatic Society,
London, with branches at Calcutta and Shanghai.

For the practical purposes stated above, and other laudable causes,
which are certainly worthy of encouragement, the following list of
some of the most important societies in the United States is of much
greater consequence to readers of THE INTER OCEAN:

  Academy of Sciences, Chicago.
  Albany Institute, Albany, N. Y.
  American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Boston, Mass.
  American Antiquarian Society, Worcester, Mass.
  American Association for Advancement of Science, Salem, Mass.
  American Association for Advancement of Social Science, Boston, Mass.
  American Bible Society, New York.
  American Colonization Society, Washington.
  American Geographical Society, New York.
  American Institute, New York.
  American Museum of Natural History, New York.
  American Numismatic and Archæological Society, New York.
  American Oriental Society, New Haven, Conn.
  American Peace Society, Boston, Mass.
  American Philological Society, New York.
  American Philosophical Society, Philadelphia.
  American Public Health Association, Washington.
  American Society of Civil Engineers and Architects, New York.
  American Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, New York.
  Anthropological Society, Washington.
  Board of Trustees of Peabody Academies and Model Schools, New Orleans.
  Buffalo Historical Society, Buffalo, N. Y.
  Chicago Historical Society, Chicago.
  Connecticut Historical Society, Hartford, Conn.
  Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, New York.
  Essex Institute, Salem, Mass.
  Franklin Institute, Philadelphia, Pa.
  Georgia Historical Society, Savannah, Ga.
  Iowa Historical Society, Iowa City, Iowa.
  Lowell Institute, Boston, Mass.
  Maine Historical Society, Brunswick, Me.
  Maryland Historical Society, Baltimore, Md.
  Massachusetts Historical Society, Boston, Mass.
  Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
  Minnesota Historical Society, St. Paul, Minn.
  National Academy of Design, New York.
  National Academy of Sciences, Washington.
  New England Historic-Geneological Society, Boston, Mass.
  New Hampshire Historical Society, Concord, N. H.
  New Jersey Historical Society, Newark, N. J.
  New York Academy of Sciences, New York.
  New York Historical Society, New York.
  Ohio Philosophical and Historical Society, Cincinnati.
  Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sciences, Philadelphia.
  Peabody Academy of Sciences, Salem, Mass.
  Peabody Institute, Baltimore, Md.
  Pennsylvania Historical Society, Philadelphia.
  Rhode Island Historical Society, Providence, R. I.
  Smithsonian Institute, Washington,
  South Carolina Historical Society, Charleston, S. C.
  Southern Historical Society, Richmond, Va.
  Virginia Historical and Philosophical Society, Richmond, Va.
  Vermont Historical Society, Montpelier, Vt.
  Washington Philosophical Society, Washington.
  Western Reserve Historical Society, Cleveland, Ohio.
  Wisconsin Academy of Sciences, Madison, Wis.
  Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, Wis.


WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Please give a short biography of William E. Gladstone.

  C. B.

_Answer._—The Hon. William Ewart Gladstone was born of Scottish
parents in Liverpool, Dec. 29, 1809. He received a thorough education
at Eton and Oxford, graduating from both with the highest honors.
In 1832 he entered politics, being returned for Newark. He early
joined himself with the Conservative party, under the leadership of
Robert Peel, in which his abilities were soon recognized by that
distinguished statesman, who gave him the position of Junior Lord
of the Treasury in 1834, and in the following year made him Under
Secretary of State; but with Peel’s retirement he relinquished that
office, in 1841, when Peel again became Premier, Gladstone served
under him as Vice President, and afterward as President of the Board
of Trade, in which capacity he derived much information concerning
the commerce of the nation. He left the Conservative party in his
support of Peel’s free-trade policy, and again retired in 1845. In
1859 he became Chancellor of the Exchequer in Lord Palmerston’s
administration, which office he held to his credit until 1866.
Two years afterward he was elevated into the premiership; but
his defeat in 1874 resulted in the elevation of his great rival,
Disraeli. He then resolved to remain out of politics; but the
policy of Beaconsfield in the Eastern question called forth his
earnest disapprobation, and again brought him before the people
in opposition to the administration. The year 1880 signalized his
triumph, a triumph which was universally acknowledged as the result
of his own personal popularity and sterling qualities. Gladstone
has always been recognized as a man of strong character, who has
conscientiously endeavored to advance the interests of the nation
and people. In oratory he possesses the wonderful faculty of making
statistics eloquent. He quickly perceives a difficulty, and with wise
discernment unravels it. The past three years have only added honor
to his name, and it is to be hoped that so favorable a beginning may
be the dawn of a fruitful administration, and that ere long the vexed
Irish question or questions will be solved forever.


INTERNAL REVENUE.

  MADISON Wis.

  Let us know how the receipts from internal revenue in 1883 compare
  with those in 1882, and oblige an opponent of the proposition to
  take off the tax on spirits and tobacco. Add cost of collecting the
  same.

  JAMES.

_Answer._—The total receipts under the internal revenue laws for the
two fiscal years ending June 30, 1882, and June, 1883, were as shown
in the table below;

  Objects taxed.                 1882.             1883.

  Distilled spirits         $69,873,408.18     $74,368,775.20
  Tobacco                    47,391,988.91      42,104,249.79
  Fermented liquors          16,153,920.42      16,900,615.81
  Banks and bankers           5,253,458.47       3,748,994.60
    Adhesive stamps—
  Bank checks                 2,318,455.14       1,946.272.10
  Friction matches            3,262,258.00       2,920,545.20
  Patent medicines, etc.      1,978,395.56       2,186,236.16
  Penalties                     199,830.04         305,803.57
  Collections not otherwise
  provided for                   81,559.00          71,852.43
                           ———————————————    ———————————————
      Total                $146,523,273.72    $144,553,344.86

The increase of revenue from spirits during the last fiscal year
was $4,495,367.02; from fermented liquors was $746,695.39: the
decrease from tobacco, $5,287,739.12; and from banks and bankers,
$1,504,463.87. The total decrease of internal revenue from all
sources up to June 30, 1883, was $1,969,928.86. This decrease was
due mainly to the removal of certain taxes and the reduction of
others effected by the legislation of the last Congress. The cost
of collecting the internal revenue in the last year above named
was $5,113,734.88. Owing to the recent action of the President
consolidating collection districts, which dispenses with the services
of a number of collectors, and other curtailments rendered possible
by the legislation of the Republican Congress of 1881-1883, the
estimated cost of collecting internal revenue during the current
fiscal year is $4,999,190, and from present indications the actual
cost will be considerably less than this.


INTEREST PAID BY PACIFIC R. R. COMPANIES.

  COLUMBUS, Neb.

  What amount, if anything, have the Pacific Railroad Companies
  repaid on account of interest on their bonds advanced by the
  General Government?

  ANTI-MONOPOLIST.

_Answer._—We are not prepared to give the whole amounts, but during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1883, the total amount received by
the Secretary of the United States Treasury toward repayment of
Pacific Railroad bonds, of various names and descriptions, guaranteed
by it, was $1,556,866.90, an increase of $716,312.53 over the sum
received on this account during the next previous year. During the
same period the sum of $1,322,103.11 was collected for the various
Pacific railway sinking funds toward liquidation of their bonds. This
was $525,831.69 more than during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1882.


SALT REVENUE OF NEW YORK STATE.

  MUSKEGON, Mich.

  Please let us know what income New York State has derived from salt
  since the manufacture was brought under State control, or monopoly,
  whichever you please to call it.

  A MICHIGAN SALT.

_Answer._—The following statistics on this subject, derived from
official sources, have been compiled for these columns by David H.
Mason, Esq., who is authority on questions of revenue obtained from
industrial products, either by Federal or State authorities. It
should be observed in this connection that the State of New York
supplies the brine to the manufacturers at the cost here indicated.
That is to say, for example, for the thirty-six years, 1846 to 1881,
inclusive, it supplied the brine for all salt made, and collected in
return therefor 1 cent for every bushel of salt produced within the
State.

Salt expenditures and revenues of New York in undermentioned years:

                             Rate       Duties
           Expenditures.    per bu.    received.

  1843      $29,816.72        6c      $187,650.00
  1844       33,286.58        6c       240,213.24
  1845       30,407.77        6c       225,741.48
            ——————————        ——      ———————————
            $93,511.07                $653,604.72
  Deduct expenditures                   93,511.07
                                      ———————————
  Net revenue                         $560,093.65

The total net revenue to the State from this industry from 1818 to
1881, inclusive, was as follows:

  Net revenue—

  1818 to 1824, 7 years             $452,393.39
  1825 to 1845, 21 years           2,900,916.50
  1846 to 1881, 36 years             706,319.58
                                  —————————————
      Sixty-four years            $4,059,629.47

The State tax of 12½c per bushel was levied previous to 1834: from
that time to April 20, 1846, the tax was 6c per bushel; since then 1c.

Another statement—

  1818 to 1833, 16 years, 12c per bu.  $1,746,719.45
  1834 to 1845, 12 years, 6c per bu.    1,606,590.44
  1846 to 1881, 36 years, 1c per bu.      706,319.58
                                       —————————————
  Net revenue in 64 years              $4,059,629.47


THE ORIGINAL MONITOR.

  CHICAGO, Ill.

  Is not the statement recently made that the original Monitor, which
  fought the rebel ram Merrimac, is still afloat a mistake? I am of
  the impression that she foundered at sea.

  OLD CITIZEN.

_Answer._—You are quite correct. According to G. V. Fox, at one time
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, “At 1 o’clock a. m., Dec. 31, 1862,
Cape Hatteras bearing N. N. E., distant twenty miles, this little
Monitor—whose fame, ‘following the sun and keeping company with the
hours, had circled the earth,’ found a resting place at the bottom of
the ocean.”


FOOTNOTES:

[1] Prohibition.

[2] Liberal.

[3] Independent Republican.

[4] Independent Democrat.

[5] Independent.

[6] Readjuster.

[7] By union of anti-Prohibition Republicans with Democrats.
Lieutenant Governor and Legislature went Republican.

[8] By union of Democrats, Greenbackers, and Independents.

[9] By fusion of Democrats and Greenbackers.

[10] By combination of Readjusters and Republicans.

[11] Republican, elected for term of one year, beginning May 29, 1883.

[12] This is what is known as “Police London,” its broadest
definition. The London covered by “Mortality Bills” contained but
3,831,719 inhabitants.

[13] Glasgow and its suburbs.

[14] Dublin County, most of the population of which is in Dublin and
its suburbs.




  MISCELLANEOUS ANSWERS

  AND

  EXECUTIVE AND CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY.


R. D. M., Edwardsburg, Mich.—THE DAILY INTER OCEAN first took that
name in March, 1872.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. L. Moore, Prior Lake, Minn.—General Sheridan was married to Miss
Irene Anna Rucker, daughter of General D. H. Rucker, U. S. A., June
3, 1875, by the Rt. Rev. Bishop Foley, of Chicago.

       *       *       *       *       *

A School Girl, Westville, Ill.—The Russians held Alaska by the right
of Behring’s discovery, in 1741, and the subsequent settlement of the
territory. In 1799 Paul VIII. granted this land to the Russo-American
Fur Company. The charter of the corporation was renewed in 1839, but
finally expired in 1863, and in 1867 Alaska was ceded to the United
States for $7,200,000.

       *       *       *       *       *

Willis Hollings, Albany, Ill.—Greenwich, situated upon the right bank
of the Thames, six miles southeast of London Bridge, is a favorite
suburb of Londoners, on account of its fine parks and picturesque
views. Its meridian was selected as the one from which to reckon
standard time because from it navigators generally, the world over,
are in the practice of reckoning time and longitude.

       *       *       *       *       *

G. H. S., McLean, Ill.—Snow-shoes consist of a flat wooden frame,
of lanceolate form, from four to seven feet long, and from eight to
fourteen inches in width at the broadest part. This frame is filled
with wicker-work or thongs, and furnished with straps upon the upper
side, for the feet. The sole may be wholly of wood. By the extreme
length and breadth the shoe is prevented from sinking in the snow.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. S. H., Smith Center, Kan.:—“The Little Old Sod Shanty on the
Claim” was composed by Mr. F. E. Jerome, and first published in the
_Smith County Pioneer_ in 1878, and refers to a claim one mile from
Smith Center.

       *       *       *       *       *

John Stuart, Lyneville, Wis.—The ordinary expenditures of the United
States Government for the year 1881 amounted to $178,204,146.41.

       *       *       *       *       *

Constant Reader, Chicago—The first negro slave owned in Chicago, it
is believed, was Black Jim, the property of John H. Kinzie, brought
here by him in 1804.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Subscriber, Morris, Ill.—“Johnson’s Universal Cyclopædia” says
that Miles Standish lost his wife, Rose, during the first winter in
America.

       *       *       *       *       *

Daisy, Emporia, Kan.—The sections of one mile square are the smallest
tracts, the out-boundaries of which the law requires to be actually
surveyed. The minor subdivisions are defined by law, and the
Surveyors General, in protracting township plats from the field notes
of sections, designate them in red ink, the lines connecting being
imaginary.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mary Maxwell Call, Fulda, Minn., evidently agrees substantially
with another correspondent, whose communication on this subject was
published a few days ago, as to the origin of the saying “All is
lovely and the goose hangs high.” She writes: “It is a corruption of
the sentry call, ‘All is lovely and the goose honks high,’” meaning,
the weather is pleasant and the high flying of the geese indicates
that it will continue so. She thinks, therefore, that it is not
“slang.” Webster, however, does not recognize “honk” as an English
word in good standing, though we are not sure but he should do so.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. F. Smith, Manning, Iowa.—The steeple of Trinity Church, New York
City, is 284 feet in height.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. H. L., Springfield, Ill.—“Lady’s Day” is the name given in England
to “Annunciation Day,” which always comes on the 25th of March. In
France it is known as Notre Dame de Mars. This year it and Easter
Sunday corresponded.

       *       *       *       *       *

James Wilson, Pontiac, Ill.—Journeymen printers on Chicago morning
dailies are paid 40 cents, on evening and weekly papers and book
work 37 cents per 1,000 ems. Job printers get from $18 a week, the
minimum, to $21. The expenses of living are greater in the city than
in the country; this is one reason why wages should be higher in the
city. Another is that most of the work on a daily paper must be done
at night.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. D. Doane, Kokomo, Col.—The government farms out the seal fur
fisheries of Alaska to a commercial company for a stipulated revenue,
and under strict laws regulating the business.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. L. Gilbert, Eau Claire, Wis.—“The Fall of Jerusalem” was written
by Henry Hart Milman, who lived from 1791 to 1868.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. Brock, Oswego, Kan.—Patented articles must bear notice of some
kind that they are patented, and date of patent.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. M. Sinclair, Marshalltown, Iowa.—Homesteaders and pre-emptors must
file their claims in person. They cannot legally do it by proxy of
any kind.

       *       *       *       *       *

James Allen, Chicago—The name of the village at the mouth of the
Mississippi, Balize, is the Spanish for beacon. A beacon-light has
shone here from early times.

       *       *       *       *       *

George S. L., Attica, N.Y.—The deepest artesian well in the world is
at Sperenburg, about twenty miles from Berlin, Prussia. It is 4,194
feet deep.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Lunatic,” Vermont, Ill.—The nineteenth century began Jan. 1, 1801,
and will end with Dec. 31, 1900.

       *       *       *       *       *

F. P., Amherst, Wis.—The Michigan Central Railroad was completed to
Ypsilanti, Feb. 3, 1838; to Jackson, Dec. 30, 1841.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. F. Clymer, Silver Lake, Ind.—The total colored population of the
United States in 1880 was 6,580,793.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. B. Hilts, Towanda, Ill.—The present capital of West Virginia is
Charleston. Wheeling was the capital until recently.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Shick, Imogene, Iowa.—In the contest between John C. Heenan
and Tom Sayers for the championship of the prize-ring, Sayers carried
off the belt.

       *       *       *       *       *

Harry, Creston, Iowa.—Dealings in “futures” or “puts and calls” are
contrary to the laws of Illinois. These laws have not been strictly
put in force. There is a disposition to do that now.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Thompson, Monona, Iowa—There are about 320 acres inclosed in the
Union Stock Yards, Chicago.

       *       *       *       *       *

G. M. Ford, Chicago.—The total imports of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1882, amounted to $767,111,964; the total
exports to $799,959,736.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Allen, Rock Island, Ill.—The great earthquake which destroyed so
many lives in the Island of Scio in 1881 occurred on the 3d of April.
About 4,000 persons perished.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Emmetsburg, Iowa—Chore is a corruption of the old English
noun char or chare, derived from the verb _to char_ or _to chare_,
signifying to work by the day, take one’s turn at doing jobs, instead
of working as a regularly hired servant.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. Annubehale, Chicago.—None but native Americans are eligible to the
office of President of the United States; but children of American
citizens residing abroad are legally regarded as natives of this
country so far as this and all other civil rights are concerned.

       *       *       *       *       *

G. W. Carter, Blair, Neb.—The fastest mile recorded of a running
horse was made by Ten Broeck at Louisville, Ky., May 24, 1877, in
1:39¾. The fastest mile recorded of a trotting horse was made by Maud
S. at Rochester, N. Y., Aug. 17, 1881, in 2:10¼.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. S. Ewell, Adrian, Ill.—The term “thoroughbred” means bred to a
high point from stock of good pedigree. It may be applied to any
species of animals, although, owing to the extensive breeding of
horses for speed, there has resulted what is now a distinct class
known as “thoroughbreds.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Blonde and Brunette, Chicago—The phrase “Bread is the staff of life”
is attributed to Dr. Jonathan Swift. It is in his “Tale of the Tub.”
It is not a Bible phrase. The original of “Uncle Tom’s Cabin” is
still alive. He has published an autobiography. He was in Chicago
not many months ago. His name is Rev. Josiah Henson.

       *       *       *       *       *

Non-voter, Rockford, Ill.—The fact that you are not a citizen and
are, therefore, a non-voter does not exempt you from payment of
poll-tax in case you do not wish to work out your assessment on the
highways. The public roads are enjoyed by citizens and aliens alike,
and—so are the taxes for keeping them in proper order.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. T. Smith, Braddyville, Iowa—The United States Government has
erected a line of towers in Illinois on about the meridian of Urbana,
and similar towers in other places, including the one near South
Bend, Ind., for the purpose of effecting a more accurate survey of
the country, and for other scientific purposes.

       *       *       *       *       *

D. W. Barlow, Nettleton, Mo.—Honey-dew is a sweet substance found
on the leaves of certain trees and plants in small drops, like dew.
There are two kinds of honey-dew, one which exudes from plants,
and the other which is deposited on leaves by an insect called the
_aphis_, or vine-fretter.

       *       *       *       *       *

H. M. Eastman, Fourche, D. T.—The oldest form of religion now extant
is the Hebrew religion. The next oldest, probably, are Parseeism,
or the religion of Zoroaster, and Brahmanism. All of these have
changed materially as regards ceremonial, but in doctrine they are
essentially consistent with the faith of their founders.

       *       *       *       *       *

“306,” Dana, Iowa—General P. H. Sheridan was at Sedan, by courtesy of
the King of Prussia, at the time of the surrender of Napoleon III.
and Marshal MacMahon’s army. At the opening of the battle, according
to the account of the correspondent of the New York _Tribune_,
written on the field, “the King, Count Bismarck, General Von Roon,
the War Minister, General von Moltke, and Generals Sheridan and
Forsythe stood in a group overlooking the principal field of attack.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Leonard Bauman, Clarence, Iowa—The most productive salt region of the
United States is the Saginaw salt district, Michigan. The most famous
and productive salt mines in the world are those of the rock salt
region of Wieliczka, in Gallicia, a province of Polish Austria. Great
chambers have been excavated in the solid salt, some of them fully
150 feet in height, and of immense length and breadth. One of these
is fitted up as a chapel dedicated to St. Anthony.

       *       *       *       *       *

An Engineer, Des Moines, Iowa—The assertion that State prisons are
filled with criminals of good education is a gross exaggeration.
Unhappily, the laws of all the different States do not provide for
full and carefully kept statistics, but in all cases where such
statistics are kept they go to show that, as a rule, ignorance is
the accompaniment, if not the foster parent, of crime. For the
most reliable report on this subject write to the Commissioner of
Education, Washington, D. C., asking for copy of the paper of Dr.
Wickersham, read at a recent session of the National Teachers’
Association.

       *       *       *       *       *

P. L. Stevens, Montfort, Wis.—Coal oil is much better as a
preservative of fence posts than kerosene oil, which is more
expensive and is not so effective.

       *       *       *       *       *

Peter Sanborn, Chicago.—Every soldier who, prior to June 22, 1874,
had made a homestead entry of less than 160 acres, may enter so much
more as, when added to the quantity previously entered, shall not
exceed 160 acres.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. G. Salisbury, Independence, Kan.—You are right in the opinion that
the President may call the militia from one State to another.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Chicago.—The great single span of the Brooklyn bridge
is 1,595½ feet, or about one-half longer than the great span in the
Cincinnati suspension bridge, which is 1057 feet.

       *       *       *       *       *

F. V. Noggle, Galien, Mich.—Probably the deepest mine in the world
in actual working is a shaft in the Rosebridge colliery, near Wigan,
Eng., which is 2,445 feet deep.

       *       *       *       *       *

C., Muscatine, Iowa—According to the laws of Iowa, one-third of the
estate, real and personal, of a wife who dies without issue and
intestate goes to her husband as dower, and the rest goes to her
parents or heirs on the parents’ side.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Subscriber, Pittsburg, Ind.—1. The total number of troops called
for by the President during the late civil war was 2,763,670 men, and
there were 2,772,408 men furnished, besides 86,724 paid commutations,
making an aggregate of 2,859,132 men.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. O. A., Cambridge, Wis.—The total tobacco crop of the United States
in 1880, as given by the statisticians of the Bureau of Agriculture,
was 446,296,889 pounds, valued at $36,414,615. The crop of 1881 was
449,880,014 pounds, valued at $43,372,336.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Farmer, Cresco, Iowa.—Trichinæ may sometimes be seen with the
naked eye, appearing as minute specks. They average in size
one-seventy-eighth of an inch in length and one-thirtieth in breadth,
and it does not require a very powerful microscope to disclose them.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. A. Santer, Hitesville, Iowa.—To kill white willow, cut it close
to the ground in February or March to encourage the wood growth, and
then cut again about the middle of the following August. If any of
them sprout after that, keep them cut back and the roots must perish.

       *       *       *       *       *

Minnie Brumfield, Perry, Iowa.—“Sheridan’s Ride” was written by
Thomas Buchanan Read, one of the most delightful of American poets.

       *       *       *       *       *

John Nail, Xenia, Ill.—Your question has been answered very recently.
A husband and wife cannot, both, make pre-emption or homestead
entries. A married woman can do so only where she is held to be
the virtual head of the family, as in case of the insanity or
imprisonment of her husband, or abandonment.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Subscriber, Hobart, Ind.—The proportion of butter in milk varies
with the breed of cattle and their food. The average is about 5 per
cent in good milk. It is nearer 6 per cent in the milk of Jersey
cows on good feed. The proportion of butter in cream also varies
considerably. It will average about 5½ pounds of butter to ten of
cream.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. S. Hasbrouck, Mendon, Mich.—The ancient language of the Irish was
of Celtic origin, and specimens of it are still extant in old legal
documents. As a living written language it no longer exists, but a
corruption of it is still spoken among the natives of the mountain
districts.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. M., Moline, Ill.—Northwestern Arkansas has been partially
described in another part of “Our Curiosity Shop” to-day. The more
common trees are the poplar, oak, pine, sycamore, ash, elm, and
hickory. This part of the State is watered by the White and Arkansas
rivers, and their tributaries. The principal railroads are the
St. Louis and the Little Rock and Fort Smith. Upon the former the
important towns are: Van Buren, population, 1,029; Fayetteville,
population, 1,788, and Bentonville, population, 784; on the latter,
Ozark, population, 824, and Clarksville, population, 656.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. B., Chicago—At the census of 1880 the “West Side” division of this
city had the largest population. The Fourteenth Ward contained the
most inhabitants, 56,464; the First Ward, the business center, the
fewest, 14,770.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. H. Topper, Greensburg, Pa.—Historians disagree as to the number
in Xerxes’ army when he invaded Greece, but no one of them was ever
so insane as to assert that he had 35,000,000 men. According to
Herodotus, the whole number of fighting men in the military and naval
force was nearly 2,500,000. He supposes, and it was evidently a wild
guess, that with the raw recruits picked up in passing through the
territories of Thrace, Macedonia, Magnesia, and other half-savage
districts, who hoped to share in the spoils of Greece, and the
servants and camp followers, there was a total multitude of about
6,000,000 persons. Other Grecian writers regard this as a gross
exaggeration.

       *       *       *       *       *

James Dunnoon, Davenport, Iowa—The extent of the Victoria Nyanza, or
great fresh water lake at the head of the Nile, is a little more than
that of Lake Huron and a trifle less than that of Lake Michigan. It
does not vary in size 1,000 square miles from either.

       *       *       *       *       *

De Lesseps, Peoria, Ill.—The average height of the Atlantic Ocean
at the Isthmus of Darien above the Pacific is given in “Haswell’s
Engineer’s Pocket-book” as 6.56 feet.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. I. Pratt, Tuscola, Ill.—The nickname “gentle shepherd” belonged to
the Hon. George Grenville (born in 1712), and originated thus: He was
a Whig, and while urging a tax upon cider, asked his opponents where
they would have it. Becoming excited, he exclaimed: “Let them tell me
where; I repeat it, sir, tell me where;” when Pitt, who was one of
the opposition, raised a laugh by repeating the words of an old song,
“Gentle shepherd, tell me where.” Your other questions we cannot
answer.

       *       *       *       *       *

N. Johnson, Peoria, Ill.—The three most level States in the Union are
Delaware, Louisiana, and Illinois; the latter being more broken than
either of the others.

       *       *       *       *       *

Readers, Chicago—John Wilkes Booth was shot in a barn near Bowling
Green, Va., April 26, 1865 twelve days after the assassination—while
resisting arrest—by Boston Corbett.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. D. Nickerson, Appleton, Wis.—The name of the author of “Ecce Homo”
and “Ecce Deus” is John Robert Seeley.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Reader, Freeport, Ill.—The essential difference between a galvanic
and a Faraday battery is that the former uses a connecting fluid
between zinc and copper, and the latter uses the magnetic coil.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Anxious Mother”—Kansas has established a reform school for boys at
North Topeka. The Nebraska Legislature has voted $10,000 to open an
industrial reform school at Kearney.

       *       *       *       *       *

F. G. Day, Strahn, Iowa—Cole Younger is working out a life sentence
in the Stillwater State Penitentiary, Minn.

       *       *       *       *       *

An Inquirer, Joliet, Ill.—Prince Gortschakoff skillfully retreated
with his garrison from Sebastopol when beleaguered by the allied
armies.

       *       *       *       *       *

Frank C. Mercer, Kansas City, Mo.—1. A troy ounce weighs 480 grains;
an avoirdupois ounce, 437½ grains. 2. Aaron Burr was the third Vice
President of the United States, having been elected with Thomas
Jefferson in 1800.

       *       *       *       *       *

Samuel Burt, Girard, Kan.—The distillery having the largest capacity
in the United States is located at Peoria, Ill. If the great
distillery at Des Moines, Iowa, were fully equipped, as originally
intended, it would be the largest in the world.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. D. Crotchett, Edwardsville, Kan.—1. The salary of United States
Senators and Representatives is $5,000 each. 2. The Vice President
and Speaker of the House each receive $8,000. 3. According to a
decision of Attorney General Brewster, a Congressman is not a United
States officer within the meaning of that term in certain statutes;
but in the broader sense of the word he is an officer. See definition
of officer in Webster’s Dictionary.

       *       *       *       *       *

B. Frank Hoover, Penrose, Ill.—The days you name are not made school
holidays by statute, although they are legal holidays as regards
commercial paper. Saturdays, New Years, Fourth of July, and Christmas
are the only legal school holidays in Illinois, unless the board of
directors agrees to grant other holidays, which it has power to do.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. L. Karney, Brodhead, Wis.—The Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroad pays Mr. Lawler twenty-five cents for every freight car,
and fifty cents for every coach which he transports across the
Mississippi upon his pontoon bridges at Prairie du Chien. The company
has no other means of crossing at that place.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. H. Rhodes, Big Rock, Ill.—The Erie Canal, extending from Buffalo
to Albany, has at the western end an eastern flow for a short
distance—from Buffalo to Seneca River, then a western flow from Lodi
to the Seneca River, and finally an eastern flow from Lodi into
the Hudson River near Albany. The motion of the water is greatly
moderated by the numerous locks, which serve to impede the current.
The expense of constructing this canal was much less per mile than
the cost of the Suez Canal.

       *       *       *       *       *

George W. Robbins, Peru, Neb.—The United States statutes are silent
upon the subject of National holidays, except that they provide that
as to negotiable paper, bills of exchange, promissory notes, etc.,
the effect of July 4, Dec. 25, and Thanksgiving Day shall be the same
as that of Sunday, or the first day of the week.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. E. Stevenson, Bryant, Ill.—Sam Patch made his last and fatal leap
at Genesee Falls, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

P. A. Brooks, Mt. Vernon, Iowa.—The Constitution of the United States
was framed by a convention of delegates from all the States except
Rhode Island, held at Philadelphia in September, 1787. Tom Paine was
not a delegate.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. R. Cripper.—Adelaide Neilson was a distinguished actress. She
filled several successful engagements in this city, and died in Paris
in 1852.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. S., Kill Creek, Kan.—The height of mountains is determined from
the relative height of the barometer. Ascending from the sea level
the air becomes lighter, and the mercury in the barometer falls.
Civil engineers, knowing the height of the barometer at sea level,
and also at the place whose height they desire to determine, are able
to compute the elevation of the place. Other methods are sometimes
used.

       *       *       *       *       *

Harry T. Ashton, Chicago—Emile Gaboriau is a man. 2. “Ouida” is the
assumed name of Miss Louisa De la Rame, an English novelist of French
extraction.

       *       *       *       *       *

V. G. Bush, Cayuga, Ill.—A young lady ceases to be a minor when she
attains the age of 18. 2. Brokerage is computed on the face, or par
value of stock.

       *       *       *       *       *

H. Joint, Logan, Kan.—The statutes of California declare the marriage
of white and colored persons unlawful. The Constitution of the United
States does not forbid it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Milton T. Cox, Fairmount, Ind.—The steamship Alaska, which made the
quickest time on record from New York to Queenstown, viz., 6 days 18
h 37 m, sailed 2,925.7 miles. This may be considered a fair estimate
of the sailing distance between the two places.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ex-Soldier, Kellerton, Iowa—1. Alcohol thermometers are used for
observing temperature below 38 degrees, though ordinarily they are
not as accurate as mercurial thermometers.

       *       *       *       *       *

John A. Hughes, Grapeland, Texas—For the election of members of
the lower house of the General Assembly of Illinois the State is
districted so that three members represent each district. Then every
elector is permitted to cast three votes. He may give three to one
candidate, one and a half to each of two, or one to each of the three.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Belmond, Iowa—The real name of Eli Perkins is M. D.
Landon.

       *       *       *       *       *

G. W. D., Chicago.—As nearly as one can judge from the names, about
four-fifths of the Chicago saloon-keepers are foreign born. As to
their politics, it is hard to tell where to place them, except in a
local election, when a majority of them are sure to be in favor of
low license and anti-Sunday legislation.

       *       *       *       *       *

F. M. P., Clipper, Iowa.—It is probable Saint John died at Ephesus
during the reign of the Emperor Trajan. Jerome states that he was 100
years old, Suidas 120 years. There is no reference to the age of Job,
save that he lived 140 years after his trials ended. 2. Molasses is a
singular noun.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. P. Drake, Shenandoah, Iowa—The origin of the word dude, is not
certainly known. It has been in English slang for a 100 years
at least. It has not been widely used in this country until
comparatively recently, but in Salem, Mass., and vicinity, it has
held a place in local slang for many years.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Houghton, Mich.—St. Patrick’s Day is the day set apart in
the Romish calendar for special religious observances in honor of the
founder of the Christian church in Ireland, canonized by the Church
of Rome as St. Patrick. It is probably not the day of his birth,
since it is generally conceded that it is impossible to determine
that.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. J. R. Dowling, Wheatland, Iowa.—After the death of the great
Roman general and statesman, Cæsar became a title of all of the
Roman emperors, and from them has passed into several other European
countries to designate the chief ruler. In Germany it appears as
Kaiser, and in Russia as Czar. 2. We have lately answered your other
questions.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. C. W., Garden City, Kan.—The Dry Tortugas and several other
islands off the Florida coast belong to the United States. The
government has a military station, hospital, etc. on the Dry
Tortugas, and sometimes sends convicts there.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. V. Bacon, Lansing, Minn.—The principal reasons for outgoing
trans-Atlantic steamers from the United States bearing north, are:
the influence of the gulf stream running from the southern extremity
of Florida up the American coast, making to northeastward between
New Foundland and Ireland; the higher latitude of the British Isles;
and in certain seasons the prevailing winds. “Imaginary lines” have
nothing to do with their choice of this course. If the form of the
earth was the only thing to be considered, the steamers would sail
on the great circle connecting the port of departure and the port of
destination, both going and coming, because such a circle marks the
shortest distance between the two points on the sphere. But winds and
currents are more important than shortest distances.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. D. Vorhes, Peotone, Ill.—We believe Whittier is sometimes
referred to as the “bachelor poet,” but we know of no living poet of
distinction referred to as “the boy poet.” Isaac Watts wrote verses
at a very early age, despite of all the attempts of his father to
reform him of this weakness. Our own William Cullen Bryant, who was
very fond of declaiming some of Watts’ hymns at 7, 6, and even 5
years of age, began to make verses of his own at 8 years, and wrote
a poem for a school examination at 10 years, which was of sufficient
merit to become a stock declamation in other schools. He wrote “The
Embargo” and “The Spanish Revolution” when he was but 13. Henry Kirke
White wrote good poetry before he was 15, and published a volume of
poems when he was not quite 17. Other “boy poets” there have been,
but who is the “boy poet,” so recognized, of this prosaic age?

       *       *       *       *       *

Fred Cooke, Butte City, M. T.—Probably New York State leads all
others in the quantity and quality of marketable apples produced and
in the prices realized.

       *       *       *       *       *

Adaline, Moline, Ill.—A lady writing to a person who does not know
whether she is single or married should sign Mrs. or Miss ——, as
otherwise the receiver cannot tell how to address his reply.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. P. Hargrave, Lowden, Iowa.—The rectangular system of survey was
adopted by the United States Government May 20, 1785, several years
before the adoption of the present constitution. It was put to
practice first in Southwestern Ohio; the first principal meridian
being run from the mouth of the Great Miami.

       *       *       *       *       *

Theodore Wiltz, Dana, Ill.—Yes, “a person who has resided in the
United States but one year, and has only taken out his first
naturalization papers can pre-empt or make a homestead entry in
Dakota.” He does not need to reside in the country a year; fifteen
minutes is long enough after he has formally declared his intention
to become a citizen: so great-hearted and liberal is “Uncle Sam.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles W. Collins, Louisville, Wis.—In cases of simultaneous
applications to enter under the homestead laws, the rule is as
follows: Where neither party has improvements on the land, it should
be sold to the one who bids highest. Where one has actual settlement
and improvements and the other none, it should be awarded to the
actual settler. Where both allege settlement and improvements, an
investigation must be had, and the lands awarded to him who shows the
prior actual settlement and substantial improvements, each as to be
notice on the ground to any competitor.

       *       *       *       *       *

Inquirer, ——, Kan.—The law making it necessary for an officer of one
State to have a requisition from the Governor of the same upon the
authorities of another State before he can arrest and take therefrom
any person charged with crime is designed to prevent persons from
being transported to other States, in some cases far from home,
friends, business interests, to be tried among strangers, without
good evidence that a crime of some magnitude has been committed.
Similar reasons, but of much less cogency, apply in support of laws
limiting the authority of sheriffs and constables to the counties to
which they belong, except when armed with special warrants.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. J. Martin. Bowling Green, Ky.—The following States cast their
electoral votes for Mr. Lincoln for his first term: California,
Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, Vermont, Wisconsin.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. S. White, Paw Paw, Mich.—The largest ratio of colored population
in Kansas in 1880 was in Bourbon County, being as 7,314 to 8,642, or
nearly 47 per cent of the total. The next was in Christian County,
where it was as 14,639 to 17,043, or a little over 45 per cent. The
ratio in Fayette County was almost as great, say as 12,974 to 16,049,
or over 44 per cent. There were no other counties where it was nearly
so great.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Blendon, Kan.—1. The Penitentiary at Sing Sing, N. Y., is
a State institution. Prisoners convicted in Federal courts are sent
there under an arrangement between State and Federal authorities.
2. Rip Van Winkle is the fictitious hero of one of Washington
Irving’s “Sketch Book” tales, entitled the “Legend of Sleepy Hollow.”
The popular play of the same name is the same story, with some
alterations, as dramatized by Dion Boucicault.

       *       *       *       *       *

B. F. McCormick, Rock Valley, Iowa.—“Sunset Cox” takes this nickname
from a really vivid but rather grandiloquent description of an Ohio
sunset, which was widely copied into exchanges at the time it was
written, many years ago. “Extra Billy Smith,” not “of New York,” but
ante bellum Representative from Virginia, and subsequently Governor
of that State when in rebellion, fairly won this name from his
predilection for recommending and voting extras in appropriation
bills.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. I. Pratt.—1. Thomas Green Fessenden was an early American author
and journalist of wide reputation. He was born in New Hampshire
in 1771; graduated at Dartmouth College in 1796; studied law, but
made more reputation as a writer. His poem, “The Country Lovers,”
was popular, as was also his humorous, satirical poem, “Terrible
Tractoration.” He settled in Boston in 1804, where he became editor
of the _New England Farmer_, He died in 1837.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Subscriber, Walnut, Iowa.—Whether persons who have been shipwrecked
shall be carried free of charge upon other vessels is optional with
the captains of said vessels. If landed in a strange country, they
may seek aid from the consul representing their own government. The
American consul is furnished with funds to help shipwrecked seamen
only, but he is under obligation to do what he can for all American
citizens in distress.

       *       *       *       *       *

Dicke, Dana, Ill.—There is no “Senator at large.” A “Representative
at large” is one elected by the entire State, instead of a district,
in those States failing to redistrict before the election following
the reapportionment of Representatives according to the latest
census. For instance, the four additional Representatives given to
Kansas by the last Congressional apportionment were elected on a
general State ticket and not from single districts. In Maine, where
the number of Congressmen was reduced, the Legislature having failed
to redistrict the State all the Representatives were elected on a
general State ticket.

       *       *       *       *       *

David E. Gray.—1. The treaty of St. Ildefonso was an offensive and
defensive alliance between the first French Republic and Spain,
negotiated Aug. 19, 1796, resulting, among other things, in a war
between these allied powers and England. 2. Oregon and Washington
Territory fix the weight of a bushel of green apples at 45 pounds.
Other States and Territories fix the legal weight of dried apples,
but not of green apples, so far as we can discover.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Reader, Crete, Neb.—The greater weight of a body at the poles, as
compared with its weight at the equator, is attributed, principally,
to two causes, viz., the estimated shorter distance from the pole to
the center of the earth; and the centrifugal force resulting from the
revolution of the earth on its axis, which is zero at the poles and
at its maximum at the equator.

       *       *       *       *       *

John Steele, Chicago—Yes, a fine watch may easily be ruined by too
close approach to a powerful electrical machine. The hair-spring and
balance wheel become magnetized, and it is difficult and costly to
get them demagnetized.

       *       *       *       *       *

James McNulty, Chicago—The pitch of a roof is the ratio of its
height divided by its span. Consequently a half pitch roof is one
whose height is half its span, a quarter pitch one whose height is
one-fourth the span, and so on. The answer you refer to was defective
in omitting the word “span” after “foot.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Seymour, Chicago, Ill.—The Emperor Maximilian I., of Mexico,
had two foreign legions besides his French allies, one known as the
“Belgic Legion,” the other as the “Austrian Legion.”

       *       *       *       *       *

O. Clark.—In the case of Wright vs. Wood it was decided that “four
pre-emptors may combine to erect a house upon the corner common to
their claims, but each pre-emptor must reside in his own part of
the house.” If you will send your address and a postal-card we will
answer your other question.

       *       *       *       *       *

Taylor Lee, Sammon’s Landing, Mich.—Great Abaco is an island in the
Bahama group. It is about eighty miles long and twenty wide. Little
Abaco, about twenty-eight miles long, is near it. They are both
specially adapted to the raising of early vegetables for the great
American markets. Being at the northern end of the Bahamas, they lie
directly east of the most eastern projection of Florida. They belong
to Great Britain.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. J. Worden, Bowling Green, Ky.—The first railroad on which a
locomotive was operated was the Merthyr-Tydvil Railway, England. This
was in 1804. But the first railway built for general traffic was
constructed by Pease and Stephenson in 1825. It was the Stockton and
Darlington Railroad in England. For further particulars see Curiosity
Shop of last year, in book form, page 101.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. Judkins, Alpowa, W. T.—1. The author of “The Beautiful Snow” is
James W. Watson.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. L. N., Cresco, Mich.—1. The talent of the Scriptures, or Hebrew
talent, has been variously estimated at from $1,645 to $1,916. 2. To
take care of your live oyster ask advice of the Superintendent of
State Fisheries, Lansing, Mich.

       *       *       *       *       *

D. S., Winters, Ill.—The inventor of Sharps’ rifles for military and
sporting purposes was Christian Sharps, a scientific machinist, born
in New Jersey in 1811, died in 1874. The manufacture of these rifles
was begun at Hartford, Conn., in 1854.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. Bird, Bolivar, Mo.—The Maas (or Meuse, as it is called in the
upper part of its course) is a river of Belgium and Holland, which,
after uniting with the River Rhine, discharges into the North Sea
not far from Rotterdam. During the winter months the Dutch travel
and amuse themselves on skates and runners on the ice of their many
canals, lakes, and rivers, these being their thoroughfares in winter
as well as in summer. Owing to moderate temperature and an unexpected
rise in the river in the winter of 1512, the ice suddenly gave way at
a point on the Maas, near Rotterdam, and a large number of people,
some say about 8,000, were precipitated into the water, where the
most of them perished.

       *       *       *       *       *

Joe Davidson, White Rock, Kan.—1. The District of Columbia contains
an area of sixty-four square miles. 2. The yearly salary of the
President is $50,000; that of the Vice President $8,000; of each of
the members of the Cabinet $8,000; of Senators, $5,000 each, 20 cents
per mile mileage, stationery $125, franking privilege, and expenses
when serving on special committees; Representatives the same as
Senators.

       *       *       *       *       *

Leonard Smith, Atalissa, Iowa—The fastest time on record for any
locomotive in this country (and we find no faster for any other) is
fourteen miles in eleven minutes, made by locomotive Hamilton Davis
and 6 cars on the New York Central Railroad in 1855. This was an
average of a mile in 47⅐ seconds.

       *       *       *       *       *

Prosy, Busti, Iowa.—1. Rice was introduced into this country from
Madagascar through the gift of a sack of rice by the captain of a
vessel driven into Charleston, S. C., in 1694, to Thomas Smith, who
planted it in his garden and distributed the seed.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. V., Suez, Ill.—“Gulliver’s Travels” were written by Jonathan
Swift, who was born in Dublin, Ireland, Nov. 30, 1667; died in the
same city, Oct. 19, 1745. The above named work was a series of
humoristic satires on the weaknesses of human nature, the follies of
society, and the foibles of certain individuals against whom Swift
cherished personal antipathies.

       *       *       *       *       *

Phillip Blunn, Seward, Kan.—Fremont in early life was a bold,
original spirit, as is fully shown by his daring and at times almost
reckless adventures during the explorations by which he discovered
the overland route to California and opened up the regions of the
great Salt Lake and Upper California to American settlement. He
chafed under the restraints of military discipline, and was charged
with disobeying or exceeding his instructions, which he sometimes
undoubtedly did: and in his case it nearly always turned out
fortunately for the country. He was placed under military arrest and
found “guilty of mutiny and insubordination” for acting as Governor
of California by appointment of Commodore Stockton in 1846, contrary
to orders of General Kearney. The “Old Pathfinder,” as he was
subsequently called, rather gained by the event.

       *       *       *       *       *

Soper Bros. & Co., Chicago—In the destruction of the Southern Hotel,
St. Louis, April 11, 1877, thirteen lives were lost and thirty-five
persons seriously injured. The hotel was rebuilt, and was reopened to
the public about one year ago last summer.

       *       *       *       *       *

P. L. F., Swan Lake, Dak.—1. There are two State Normal schools in
Illinois—one at Bloomington and the other at Carbondale. 2. There is
no part of the earth’s surface where the sun’s rays, if unobstructed
by some intervening object, would not shine into a north window at
some time in the year.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. L. Scott, Boulder, Col.—1. The Chief Justices of the United States
since 1789 have been John Jay, John Rutledge, Oliver Ellsworth, John
Marshall, Roger B. Taney, Salmon P. Chase, and the present incumbent,
Morrison R. Waite. 2. The corner-stone of our first Federal Capitol
was laid by George Washington Sept, 18, 1793. The corner-stone of the
extension of 1851 was laid by Millard Fillmore.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. C., Streator, Ill.—Inauguration Day, of the 4th of March, on
which the term of office of the President of the United States
must necessarily begin, has occurred on Sunday fourteen times this
century. It occurred so the last time on the occasion of President
Hayes’ inauguration, and he quietly took the oath of office in the
White House Sunday afternoon. The inauguration ceremonial at the
Capitol took place the next day. Inauguration Day will not fall on
Sunday again during this century.

       *       *       *       *       *

James Harman, Central City, Neb.—The total receipts from saloon
licenses in this city in 1880 amounted to $182,226.40. The expenses
entailed through pauperage, damage to property and person, increased
cost of police, jails, etc., cannot be accurately determined. It is a
matter of estimate.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Subscriber, Chicago.—In the Massachusetts gubernatorial election,
Butler received 133,946 votes: Bishop, 119,997, and Almy, 2,137,
making Butler’s plurality 13,949, and his majority 11,812.

       *       *       *       *       *

The ten-mile race at the State fair held at Minneapolis last fall was
won by Miss Belle Cook, with five horses, in 20:02. Little Cricket
won the twenty-mile race in 40:59.

       *       *       *       *       *

John Allen, Topeka, Kan.—The real name of “Mary Blake,” contributor
to the _Century_, is Mrs. Blakesley.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. B. E.—The authoress of “Curfew Must Not Ring To-night” is Rose
Hartwicke Thorpe.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. M. H., Stanberry, Mo.—The President pro tempore of the Senate
draws the same salary as the Vice President when filling the same
office. You are right as to the apportionment of members of Congress.
The whole question is explained on page 75 of Our Curiosity Shop
of 1882, in book form, costing 25 cents, postage included. It
answers hundreds of such questions as you and your fellow-students
are discussing. There is no instance of a State’s returning to the
condition of a Territory, unless the rebel States were in that
condition before they adopted their “reconstruction constitutions”
just after the war, when they were under provisional governments.
Your other questions have all been answered very recently.

       *       *       *       *       *

“She-cau-oh,” Chicago, Ill.—We give your note just as it comes
to us: “Man-i-_to_-ba—that is not the way it is pronounced, but
Ma-nit-a-_bah_. Chicago should be She-cau-_oh_ (Potawatome)—‘all
gone,’ ‘far-off-place.’ Sioux, pronounce Sou. I could speak the
Indian language better than the English once.—She-cau-_oh_.” It
is too late in the world’s history to change the pronunciation of
Chicago back to the original, and, for that matter, the pronunciation
of Manitoba is hopelessly anglicized into Man-i-_tow_-ba. Still we
thank you for your note, and will preserve it in our bound Curiosity
Shop as another witness for the original pronunciation of all these
names, and what is admitted to be one of the Indian meanings of
Chicago, the others, vouched for by good authority, being “strong”
and “wild onion,” the sense in each case being dependent on the
connection.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ida, Milo, Ill.—1. George III. was King of England during the whole
period of the American revolution. His Prime Minister from 1770 until
after the surrender of Cornwallis was Lord North, and two other of
the principal members of his Cabinet were Lords Gower and Weymouth.
In 1779 the latter, seeing the hopelessness of the effort to subdue
the Americans, resigned, but North continued in power until after the
capture of Cornwallis at Yorktown, when he resigned March 20, 1782,
and was succeeded by the Marquis of Rockingham, who at once opened
negotiations for peace.

       *       *       *       *       *

Alfred Gates, Lafayette, Ind.—The dower right of a married woman
in her husband’s real estate has been abolished in Indiana and
California. In States where married women are entitled to dower, it
is the general rule that relinquishments of dower made by any such
woman under 21 years of age are of no effect unless ratified by her
after she has attained that age. Even in most States where women are
“of age,” or become mistresses of themselves at an earlier age than
21, they cannot convey real estate until they have attained the full
legal majority of 21 years.

       *       *       *       *       *

Martha J. McCoy, Mt. Pleasant, Iowa.—If the paint is scaling off your
recently painted house it proves that there is not much pure white
lead and good boiled linseed oil in it. Unless one employs an honest
painter and contracts for these substantial ingredients he is almost
certain to get white lead adulterated with earths, sulphate of
baryta, or other cheap materials, mixed with worthless substitutes
for linseed oil. The lowest-priced paints are usually the dearest in
the long run, particularly for outside work.

       *       *       *       *       *

Georgia L. Brown, West Salem, Wis.—1. The salary of the President
was increased to $50,000 a year—making it the same as that of
the Governor General of Canada—on the last day of the first term
of President Grant, who drew pay according to this law from the
beginning of his second term.

       *       *       *       *       *

S., Greenfield, Ill.—“Red Line Poets” is a trade name given to
certain editions of selected poems printed on pages bordered with
red lines. There are one or two English books of this description,
and one or more American books. No two of them embrace the same list
of authors. A Boston red-line edition contains only selections from
Longfellow, Whittier, Bryant, Holmes, Lowell, and Emerson.

       *       *       *       *       *

Amateur Antiquary, Chicago, Ill.—“Empire State of the South” is a
popular appellation for Georgia in allusion to its being the leading
State in wealth and enterprise. Tennessee is sometimes called the
“Big-bend State,” in allusion to the spoon-like bend of the Tennessee
River. West Virginia is sometimes called the “Pan-handle State,”
because it includes that singular strip of land between the Ohio
River and the boundary of Pennsylvania.

       *       *       *       *       *

H. N. Kinney, Mantone, Ill.—The leading corn county of this State in
1881 was McLean, with a crop of 9,750,000 bushels; the next largest
was Livingston, with 6,983,522 bushels. The same year Kankakee County
produced 2,743,300 bushels.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. D. Silsby, Modale, Iowa.—Your friend is right in asserting that
there are yellow and brownish varieties of cotton. The valuable
Orleans cotton staples are naturally white, but there is cheap yellow
and brownish staple used for nankeen cloth, and one sort known as
Bourbon cotton.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Reader, Glenwood, Iowa.—1. The great Chicago fire of 1871 began
Sunday evening, Oct. 8, and lasted until Tuesday morning. 2. Henry
Wilson, the late Vice President, changed his name, by birth Colbath.
Why, he always treated as a strictly private matter. His childhood
was one of extreme poverty, and he was apprenticed when he was but
ten years old.

       *       *       *       *       *

Normal Student, Stanbury, Mass.—There is no State in the Union where
a man can vote before he is 21 years of age. However, if a man’s
birthday is Feb. 1 he becomes of age Jan. 31, as the law takes no
account of fractions of a day in a matter of this kind.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. H. Martin, Cheboygan, Mich.—St. Patrick was sent by Pope Celestine
as a missionary to Ireland, after being a monk in the celebrated
monastery of Lerius, in France. His father was a deacon in the Church
of Rome, and his mother was a sister of St. Martin of Tours.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Reader, Chicago.—In Wisconsin it is not necessary to take out a
marriage license.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. G. Damson, Vienna, Ill.—W. H. Russell, war correspondent of the
London _Times_ during “the recent unpleasantness,” is called “Bull
Run Russell” because of his overdrawn description of the first battle
of Bull Run, and prediction of the speedy collapse of the Union as a
consequence. He is still alive.

       *       *       *       *       *

Geo. T. L., Attica, N. Y.—The President of Mexico at this time is
General Gonzales; installed Dec. 1, 1880, for four years. There is a
Senate composed of the Vice President and two members of each of the
twenty-seven States. The House of Representatives consists of one
member for each 80,000 population, and in 1879 numbered 331. During
the recess of Congress a Council of Government, composed of the Vice
President and half of the Senate, sits, to advise the President.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. C., Englewood, Ill.—The silkworm spins its cocoon and passes into
the torpid state of a chrysalis or pupa. If allowed to remain in this
state too long it becomes active, begins to gnaw its way through the
cocoon, and finally comes forth in the butterfly state. The cocoon
is then of little value. But if, just before the chrysalis begins to
grow active, the cocoons are dropped into boiling water the insect is
instantly killed, and the silk is easily unwound and reeled for the
market.

       *       *       *       *       *

B. B. Williams, Parsons, Kan.—The Golden Horn is the name of the
inlet from the Bosphorus, which divides the city of Constantinople
and constitutes its magnificent harbor.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. M. A., Union Grove, Ill.—When Governor Ford’s term as Governor
expired, in 1846, he moved to Peoria and went into the practice of
the law. He had been called from the office of Associate Judge of the
Supreme Court to that of Governor, but although a good judge, he was
not well suited for an advocate. Moreover, he had become addicted to
overdrinking and during his gubernatorial term had made many violent
enemies in his own party, some of whom spared no opportunity to wound
him. He had retired from the Governorship “poorer than when he was
inaugurated,” and failing to secure a remunerative practice against
all the discouragements above mentioned, he fell into despondency,
and died at Peoria in 1850 in indigent circumstances, but not “a
pauper.”

       *       *       *       *       *

N. K. Pierce, Mentor, Kan.—The most elegant Pullman palace cars cost
from $20,000 to $25,000, but such cars have been made in only a few
special cases. The ordinary Pullman car costs from $11,000 to $15,000.

       *       *       *       *       *

Inquirer, LeRoy.—1. The American Almanac for 1883 states the total
number of churches in the United States at 92,477, omitting the
churches of the Methodist Episcopal Church South, which numbers about
8,000. 2. The membership of all the Protestant churches is stated
at 8,974,400, and the “adherents” of the Roman Catholic church at
6,370,858, according to the Catholic Directory for 1882. Protestant
churches enumerate only those who become members by profession of
faith or letters from other churches; Roman Catholics enumerate
all who have been baptized in their faith, either in infancy or
after years. 3. Church attendance can only be estimated from church
sittings, which average for the United States about two and a half
times the membership. 4. The total number of newspapers, magazines,
and other periodicals published in the United States in the census
year is given as 11,314.

       *       *       *       *       *

Old Subscriber, Lincoln, Ill.—In most of the States the marriage of a
female partner in any business firm dissolves the partnership.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. L. Orr, Glen Haven, Wis.—Evidently the north window of a house
situated on the north pole would be a sky light. All side wall
windows would look to the south.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. J. Stark, LaCygne, Kan.—1. The most celebrated picture of “Christ
and the Last Supper” was painted by Leonardo da Vinci in 1497. 2.
Your second question we cannot answer.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. Finley, Pontiac, Ill.—The total precipitation of moisture for the
year 1882 observed by the officer of the Signal Service at Riley,
McHenry County, Ill., was 35.36 inches, or 1.46 inches above the
annual average for twenty-one years.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. N. Smith, Davenport, Iowa—To destroy chicken lice keep the
hen-house clean and well ventilated and sprinkle the dusting bins
with carbolic acid.

       *       *       *       *       *

T. L., Winona, Minn.—You are wrong. B wins the wager, because “a son
born to an American minister while his parents are on official duty
abroad” is in the eye of the law as much an American as if born in
this country, and is eligible to the Presidency of the United States.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. S. E. E., Fredericksburg, Iowa—For some years there was no
general agreement as to the time of observing “Decoration Day,” but
when it became desirable to settle on a specific day to be kept every
year, May 30 having been fixed upon by one or more Legislatures, it
was adopted generally.

       *       *       *       *       *

Charles Hallas, Adrian, Minn.—1. Congress raised the salary of the
President, by act of March 3, 1873, to $50,000 per annum, at the
same time cutting off certain allowances made to former Presidents,
aggregating several thousands a year. Before that act the salary of
Congressmen of both houses had been $5,000 and mileage, but by this
act they were raised to $7,500. By act of Jan. 20, 1874, the salaries
of Congressmen were reduced to the old amount.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. J., Topeka, Kan.—It certainly is customary when ladies or
gentlemen write to any one for information for them to inclose a
postal stamp or postal card for the reply. It is quite as much as
one should ask of a business man that he take time to give desired
information. To request this much and expect him to pay postage
on the reply is what is termed in the emphatic vocabulary of the
slang-slinger, “cheeky.” The very fact that postage is such a trifle
makes the omission to inclose it all the more inexcusable. But while
postage is a mere trifle on the single letter, to a person in a
public position, called on to answer thousands of questions in a
year, the aggregate postage would be a serious matter were it not for
the above rule.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. J. Bristo.—The whites of Virginia number 880,858; the colored
population is 631,616. That State has one of the most healthful
climates in the world. The water is excellent except in the swamp
regions in the eastern part, and the soil of about two-thirds of
the State is fertile except where worn out by long tobacco culture
without proper use of fertilizers and alternation of crops. Virginia
can produce anything that grows in the temperate zone.

       *       *       *       *       *

Wm. G. Miller, Arkansas City, Kan.; No method of manufacturing
merchantable diamonds has ever been discovered. A French chemist
claims to have made very minute crystals of diamond by an extremely
expensive process, simply to prove that the thing is possible, but
the crystals, whether diamonds or not, were of no value as gems or
for any other commercial or mechanical purpose. For anything more on
this subject see Our Curiosity Shop for 1882, page 147. Price per
mail, 25 cents in paper covers and 50 cents in cloth.

       *       *       *       *       *

George H. Gifford, West Point. Neb.—1. The total net ordinary
expenditures of the United States Government in 1880 amounted to
$171,885,382.67. Figure out for yourself “the cost per minute.” It
will be a delightful pastime for idle moments; editors have none.

       *       *       *       *       *

Jacob Vanaernam, Mount Morris, Wis.—In Illinois the State is
districted for State representatives, so that three representatives
are chosen from one district. Every voter may either give each of the
three candidates one vote, or one of them all three of his votes,
or he may give one and a half votes to each of two of them. This
explains why you saw “half votes” in Illinois election returns. This
system of voting is designed to place it in the power of a minority
party to secure at least one out of three representatives, where by
the old method all three representatives might be elected by the
majority party.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. Tyler, DeWitt, Ill.—The Declaration of Independence was not
adopted by Congress until the 4th of July, 1776, about 2 o’clock p.
m., as fully explained in Our Curiosity Shop some weeks ago. It was
not adopted on July 2. A resolution was adopted on that day asserting
that “these United Colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and
independent States,” but the Congress sat the rest of that day, all
the next, and a part of the Fourth, discussing the Declaration before
It was adopted. Some of the delegates to that Congress never signed
it; others not until some time after July 4.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. L. Murphy, Tuscola, Ill.—1. The distance from St. Paul to Portland
via the Northern Pacific Railroad is 1,911 miles; from Chicago to St.
Paul is 409 miles, making the total distance to Portland 2,320 miles.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. R. Huntington, Chicago—The five longest rivers in the world are
the following, named in the order of length from greater to less: The
Missouri, measured from its source to the Gulf of Mexico; the Amazon;
the Nile; the Yang-tse-kiang, China, and the Murray, Australia.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. C. Hess, Central P. O., Pa.—Ginseng is exported to China in large
quantities, where it is in high repute as a medicine. It is used
in pharmacy to some degree in this country and Europe. In 1880 our
export of ginseng amounted to 391,083 pounds, valued at $533,042.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. F. S., Denmark, Iowa—The autographic process of telegraphing,
which transmits a facsimile of the original dispatch, was first
brought forward in 1848 by F. C. Bakewell, of London, England. It was
improved by Abbe Casselli, of Florence; Lenoir and Meyer, of France,
and Professor Sawyer, of Washington, D. C. It is not so economical,
so expeditions, or so well adapted in some other respects to ordinary
telegraphic purposes as the Morse system with modern improvements.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. J., Dern, Ind.—1. The eclectic school of medicine lays great
stress on the avoidance of depletion, either by blood-letting or
severe purging, and the use of agents calculated to build up the
system. Vegetable remedies largely predominate in its medical agents.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. K. C., Park, Col.—The air-tube of an argand-burner lamp should
always be open, as its use is to supply air to the inside of the wick
while other air is being furnished upon the outside. If the wick be
turned too high the oil will rise in it by the principle of capillary
attraction (not siphon) too rapidly to be properly consumed. Some of
this oil passes off as unconsumed carbon, and some may drip, in its
original form. 2. The amount of carbon in the atmosphere varies with
local circumstances, such as population, rainfall, sewerage, etc.,
from 2 to 10 in 10,000 volumes of air. The oxygen and nitrogen of the
atmosphere are invariable in their proportional parts: twenty-three
parts (by weight) of oxygen and seventy-seven of nitrogen.

       *       *       *       *       *

Lile E. Argile, Kilbourne City, Wis.—The final cause of the war of
1812 was the search of American vessels by the English, and the
impressment of United States sailors into the service of Great
Britain. All of this trouble, however, probably grew out of the
ill-feeling that had existed between the two nations since the
Revolutionary war. The cause of the Mexican war was the annexation of
Texas to the United States.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. L. Stevensun, Quincy, Minn.—Half-morocco binding consists of a
fine quality of cloth covers with morocco corners and morocco spring
back. Library binding is all leather.

       *       *       *       *       *

P. S. Williams, Fort Lyon, Mo.—The largest ship in the world is the
Great Eastern, described on page 63 of Our Curiosity Shop for 1880.
Length, 680 feet; breadth, 118 feet; height to top of bulwarks, 70
feet.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. E., Stralm, Iowa.—The first watch was made by Peter Hele, a
clockmaker of Nuremberg, Germany, in the year 1477.

       *       *       *       *       *

George Searle, Langworthy, Iowa.—After the war Horace Greeley
advocated a general amnesty and a policy of conciliation. As a step
in this direction he advised the release of Jefferson Davis on
bail, and when this course was determined upon he became one of the
bondsmen.

       *       *       *       *       *

E. H. T., Greensburg, Pa.—1. The Dead Sea is 1,312 feet below the
Mediterranean, and the Caspian Sea is 84 feet below the Black Sea. 2.
The two rivers which unite to form the Upper Amazon are the Marancon
(or Tunguraguas, as it is called by some writers) and the Ucayale (or
Apurimac).

       *       *       *       *       *

M. B. J., Union Hill, Ill.—1. The direct cable from Ireland to Rye
Beach, N. H., is 3,060 miles in length. 2. The length of the Union
and Central Pacific Railroad, extending from Omaha to San Francisco,
is 1,916 miles.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. Hancock, Columbus, Wis.—Andrew Johnson was impeached, but not
convicted. See definition of impeach in Webster’s unabridged
dictionary.

       *       *       *       *       *

Samuel Adams, Chicago—Francis Hanford was killed by Alexander
Sullivan in this city, Aug. 7, 1876, about 7 o’clock in the evening.

       *       *       *       *       *

U. W. G., Union, Iowa—At the Battle of Cold Harbor, General Meade
ordered some of the troops to advance; but they by common consent
refused to obey.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. B., Oconee, Ill.—Illinois has had three State constitutions,
including the one now in force. The first went into force in 1818:
the second in 1848, and the third in 1870.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. H., Brockport, N. Y.—A painting may be copyrighted by sending to
the Librarian of Congress a full description of the work, together
with $1, the price of recording the application and issuing the
certificate.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriber, Verdon, Neb.—By a Joint resolution of Congress, adopted
Dec. 29, 1845, Texas was declared to be admitted to the Union.

       *       *       *       *       *

Edith Allen, Milwaukee, Wis.—The highest mountain in the Philippine
Islands is 4,531 feet higher than Mount Washington, N. H. It is a
volcano, named Alpi, and has been ascended recently and found to be
10,824 feet high.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. N. W.. Deep River, Iowa—Read verse 49 of the thirty-first chapter
of Genesis and the marginal note, and you and she will understand the
beautiful appropriateness of Mizpah on an engagement ring.

       *       *       *       *       *

Lizzie J. Clark, Lawrenceburg, Tenn.—The nightingale proper is a
migratory bird, common to Northern Africa, Western Asia, and the
greater part of Europe. The European nightingale spends the winter
in Northern Africa. It may be said to be a native of all the regions
above named, although its hatching places are in Europe. Your other
question will be answered elsewhere.

       *       *       *       *       *

George E. White, Englewood—There is more silver in a trade dollar
than in the standard United States silver dollar, but it is at a
discount in business dealings because it is not a legal tender for
debt. Congress has the constitutional authority to declare what coins
are a legal tender and what are not. In this case it has outlawed the
trade dollar; whether wisely and justly or not is a matter in dispute.

       *       *       *       *       *

Lillie G. Hendee, Sandwich, Ill.—1. There is a snake with a straight
horn on the end of its tail, which, when in rapid motion, looks like
a revolving hoop. It is found in Southern Illinois and Missouri, and
the country east and south of the same. It is popularly known as the
hoop snake. 2. Naturalists are generally agreed that the worms seen
after showers do not fall from the clouds; they are not fully agreed
as to the proper explanation of their sudden appearance at such
times. For further particulars address Professor Forbes, curator of
the Laboratory of Natural History, Normal, Ill.

       *       *       *       *       *

M. S. H., Chicago.—Pierre, the present Western terminus of the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad is the railway station nearest to
Deadwood, from which it is about 190 miles distant. The Northwestern
Express Stage and Transportation Company runs a line of Concord
stages between these points.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. H. F., Weldon, Ill.—The term creole as used in our Gulf States
applies to descendants of French and Spanish settlers, in distinction
from French and Spanish immigrants, and mulattoes or half-breeds:
also to natives of the West Indies of European descent. But in the
West Indies the word is applied to natives, whether of white, black,
or mixed races.

       *       *       *       *       *

George Fair, Fairmont, Neb.—1. The velocity of light, as determined
by the latest experiments, is 186,300 miles per second. 2. The
velocity of electricity traveling on metal wires was calculated
by Wheatstone at 194,000 miles per second. But It travels at
different rates on different wires, and as a consequence the reports
of different observers do not agree. 3. We can only furnish the
Curiosity Shop volumes of 1880, 1881, and 1882.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. M. Simpson, Cherokee City, Ark.—The present form of government in
France is republican. The constitution bears date Feb. 25, 1875. It
vests the legislative power in an assembly of two houses, the Chamber
of Deputies and the Senate, and the executive power in a President,
who is elected by a majority of votes of the Senate and Chamber of
Deputies united in National Assembly. The President at this time is
Francois J. P. Jules Grevy.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. A. Maxwell, Morrison, Ill.—The term “O grab me act” was applied
to the embargo act of Dec. 27, 1807. This embargo, laid by our
government on all its own ports and vessels in retaliation for
certain decrees of France and England sorely restricting the rights
of neutral vessels, bore particularly hard on New England, which
had been increasing its shipping very rapidly. Inverting the word
“embargo,” the malcontents called it the “O grab me act,” referring
to the fact that it operated to the advantage of one part of the
country at the expense of the shipping interest in another. These
murmurings grew until the act was repealed in February, 1809. When
Congressmen voted themselves an increase of back salary a few years
ago there was an attempt to transfer the name of O grab me act to
this law.


UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.


_The Executive._

Chester A. Arthur, of New York, President of the United States;
salary, $50,000.

G.F. Edmunds, of Vermont, President pro tem. of Senate, and Acting
Vice President: salary, $8,000.


_The Cabinet._

Frederick T. Frelinghuysen, Secretary of State; salary, $8,000.

Charles J. Folger. Secretary of the Treasury; salary, $8,000.

Robert T. Lincoln, Secretary of War; salary, $8,000.

William E. Chandler, Secretary of the Navy; salary, $8,000.

Henry M. Teller, Secretary of the Interior; salary, $8,000.

Walter Q. Gresham, Postmaster General; salary, $8,000.

Benjamin Harris Brewster, Attorney General; salary, $8,000.


FORTY-EIGHTH CONGRESS.

_March 4, 1883, to March 3, 1885._

THE SENATE.

Republicans (in Roman), 38; Democrats (in _italics_), 36; Readjuster
(in SMALL CAPS), 2. Total, 76.

  Term ex.                          Home Postoffice.

      Alabama—
  1889 _John T. Morgan_             Selma.
  1885 _James L. Pugh_              Eufaula.

      Arkansas—
  1889 _Augustus H. Garland_        Little Rock.
  1885 _James D. Walker_            Fayetteville.

      California—
  1885 _James T. Farley_            Jackson.
  1887 John F. Miller               San Francisco.

      Colorado—
  1889 Thomas M. Bowen              Rio Grande.
  1885 Nathaniel P. Hill            Denver.

      Connecticut—
  1885 Orville H. Platt             Meriden.
  1887 Joseph R. Hawley             Hartford.

      Delaware—
  1889 _Eli Saulsbury_              Dover.
  1887 _Thomas Francis Bayard_      Wilmington.

      Florida—
  1885 _Wilkinson Call_             Jacksonville.
  1887 _Charles W. Jones_           Pensacola.

      Georgia—
  1889 _A. H. Colquitt_             Atlanta.
  1885 _Joseph E. Brown_            Atlanta.

      Illinois—
  1889 Shelby M. Cullom             Springfield.
  1885 John A. Logan                Chicago.

      Indiana—
  1885 _Daniel W. Voorhees_         Terre Haute.
  1887 Benjamin Harrison            Indianapolis.

      Iowa—
  1889 J. F. Wilson                 Fairfield.
  1885 William B. Allison           Dubuque.

      Kansas—
  1889 Preston B. Plumb             Emporia.
  1885 John J. Ingalls              Atchison.

      Kentucky—
  1889 _James B. Beck_              Lexington.
  1885 _John S. Williams_           Mt. Sterling.

      Louisiana—
  1889 _Randall L. Gibson_          New Orleans.
  1885 _Benjamin F. Jonas_          New Orleans.

      Maine—
  1889 William P. Frye              Lewiston.
  1887 Eugene Hale                  Ellsworth.

      Maryland—
  1885 _James B. Groome_            Elkton.
  1887 _Arthur P. Gorman_           Laurel.

      Massachusetts—
  1889 George F. Hoar               Worcester.
  1887 Henry L. Dawes               Pittsfield.

      Michigan—
  1889 T. W. Palmer                 Detroit.
  1887 Omar D. Conger               Port Huron.

      Minnesota—
  1889 D. M. Sabin                  Stillwater.
  1887 Samuel J. R. McMillan        St. Paul.

      Mississippi—
  1885 _Lucius Q. C. Lamar_         Oxford.
  1887 _James Z. George_            Jackson.

      Missouri—
  1885 _George G. Vest_             Kansas City.
  1887 _Francis M. Cockrell_        Warrensburg.

      Nebraska—
  1889 Charles F. Manderson         Omaha.
  1887 Charles H. Van Wyck          Nebraska City.

      Nevada—
  1885 John P. Jones                Gold Hill.
  1887 _James G. Fair_              Virginia City.

      New Hampshire—
  1889 Austin F. Pike               Franklin.
  1887 Henry W. Blair               Plymouth.

      New Jersey—
  1889 _John R. McPherson_          Jersey City.
  1887 William J. Sewell            Camden.

      New York—
  1885 Elbridge G. Lapham           Canandaigua.
  1887 Warner Miller                Herkimer.

      North Carolina—
  1889 _Matt W. Ransom_             Weldon.
  1885 _Zebulon B. Vance_           Charlotte.

      Ohio—
  1887 John Sherman                 Mansfield.
  1885 _George H. Pendleton_        Cincinnati.

      Oregon—
  1889 Joseph N. Dolph              Portland.
  1885 _James H. Slater_            Le Grande.

      Pennsylvania—
  1885 J. Donald Cameron            Harrisburg.
  1887 John I. Mitchell             Wellsboro.

      Rhode Island—
  1889 Henry B. Anthony             Providence.
  1887 Nelson W. Aldrich            Providence.

      South Carolina—
  1889 _Matthew C. Butler_          Edgefield.
  1885 _Wade Hampton_               Columbia.

      Tennessee—
  1889 _Isham G. Harris_            Memphis.
  1887 _Howell E. Jackson_          Jackson.

      Texas—
  1889 _Richard Coke_               Waco.
  1887 _Sam Bell Maxey_             Paris.

      Vermont—
  1885 Justin S. Morrill            Strafford.
  1887 George F. Edmunds            Burlington.

      Virginia—
  1889 HARRISON H. RIDDLEBERGER     Richmond.
  1887 WILLIAM MAHONE               Petersburg.

      West Virginia—
  1889 _John E. Kenna_              Kanawha.
  1887 _Johnson N. Camden_          Parkersburg.

      Wisconsin—
  1885 Angus Cameron                LaCrosse.
  1887 Philetus Sawyer              Oshkosh.


HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.

Republicans (in Roman), 117; regular Democrats, (in _italics_), 196;
Readjusters (in SMALL CAPS), 5; Greenback-labor (in SMALL CAPS), 1;
Independent (in SMALL CAPS), 3; vacancies, 3: Total, 325; majority,
163. Representatives in the Forty-seventh Congress marked with a
[18]; those in a preceding Congress with a [19].

  Alabama—

  1 _James T. Jones._[18]
  2 _Hilary A. Herbert._[18]
  3 _Wm. C. Oates._[18]
  4 _Charles M. Shelley._[18]
  5 _Thomas Williams._[18]
  6 _Goldsmith W. Hewitt._[18]
  7 _Wm. H. Forney._[18]
  8 _Luke Pryor._[15]

  Arkansas—

  _1 Poindexter Dunn._[18]
  _2 James K. Jones._[18]
  _3 John H. Rogers._
  _4 Samuel W. Peel._
  _At Large_—_C. R. Breckinridge_.

  California—

  1 _Wm. S. Rosecrans._[18]
  2 _James H. Budd._
  3 _Barclay Henley._
  4 _Patrick B. Tulley._
  _At Large_—_Chas. A. Sumner_, _John. R. Glascock_.

  Colorado—

  James B. Bedford.[18]

  Connecticut—

  1 _Wm. W. Eaton._[15]
  2 _Charles L. Mitchell._
  3 John T. Wait[18]
  4 _Edw. W. Seymour._

  Delaware—

  _Charles B. Lore._

  Florida—

  1 _Robert H. H. Davidson._[18]
  2 Horatio Bisbee, Jr.

  Georgia—

  1 _John C. Nicholls._[19]
  2 _Henry G. Turner._[18]
  3 _Charles F. Crisp._
  4 _Hugh Buchanan._[18]
  5 _Nathaniel J. Hammond._[18]
  6 _James H. Blount._[18]
  7 _Judson C. Clements._[18]
  8 _Seaborn Reese._[18]
  9 _Allen C. Candler._
  _At Large_—_Thomas Hardeman._[19]

  Illinois—

  1 Ransom W. Dunham.
  2 JOHN F. FINERTY, Ind.
  3 George R. Davis.[18]
  4 George E. Adams.
  5 Reuben Ellwood.
  6 Robert R Hitt.[18]
  7 Thomas J. Henderson.[18]
  8 William Cullen.[18]
  9 Lewis E. Payson.[18]
  10 _Nicholas E. Worthington._
  11 _William H. Neece._
  12 _James M. Riggs._
  13 _William M. Springer._[18]
  14 Jonathan H. Rowell.
  15 Joseph G. Cannon.[18]
  16 _Aaron Shaw._
  17 _Samuel W. Moulton._[18]
  18 _William R. Morrison._[18]
  19 _Richard W. Townshend._[18]
  20 John R. Thomas.[18]

  Indiana—

  1 _John J. Kleiner._
  2 _Thomas R. Cobb._[18]
  3 _S. M. Stockslager._[18]
  4 _William S. Holman._[18]
  5 _Courtland C. Matson._[18]
  6 Thomas M. Browne.[18]
  7 Stanton J. Peelle.[18]
  8 _John E. Lamb._
  9 _Thomas B. Ward._
  10 _Thomas J. Wood._
  11 George W. Steele.[18]
  12 _Robert Lowry._
  13 William H. Calkins.[18]

  Iowa—

  1 Moses A. McCoid.[18]
  2 _Jermiah H. Murphy._
  3 David B. Henderson.
  4 L. H. WELLER, _Gbk._
  5 James Wilson.[19]
  6 John C. Cook.[16]
  7 John A. Kasson.[18]
  8 William P. Hepburn.
  9 _Wm. H. M. Pusey._
  10 Adoniram J. Holmes.
  11 Isaac S. Struble.

  Kansas—

  1 John A. Anderson.[18]
  2 Vacancy.
  3 Thomas Ryan.[18]
  _At Large_—Edmund N. Morrill, Lewis Hanback,
    Samuel R. Peters, Bishop W. Perkins.

  Kentucky—

  1 _Oscar Turner._[18]
  2 _James F. Clay._
  3 _John E. Halsell._
  4 _Thomas A. Robertson._
  5 _Albert S. Willis._[18]
  6 _John G. Carlisle._
  7 _Joseph C. S. Blackburn._[18]
  8 _Philip B. Thompson, Jr._[18]
  9 William W. Culbertson.
  10 John D. White.[18]
  11 _Frank L. Wolford._

  Louisiana—

  1 _Carleton Hunt._
  2 _E. John Ellis._[18]
  3 William P. Kellogg.[15]
  4 _Newton C. Blanchard._[18]
  5 _J. Floyd King._[18]
  6 _Edward T. Lewis._

  Maine—

  _At Large_—Thos. B. Reed.[18]
  Nelson Dingley, Jr.[18]
  Chas. A. Boutelle.
  Seth L. Milliken.

  Maryland—

  1 _George W. Covington._[18]
  2 _J. Frederick C. Talbott._[18]
  3 _Fetter S. Hoblitzell._[18]
  4 _John V. L. Findlay._
  5 Hart B. Holton.
  6 Louis E. McComas.

  Massachusetts—

  1 Robert T. Davis
  2 John D. Long.
  3 Ambrose A. Ranney.[18]
  4 _Patrick A. Collins._
  5 _Leopold Morse._[18]
  6 _Henry B. Lovering._[16]
  7 Eben F. Stone.[18]
  8 William A. Russell.
  9 THEODORE LYMAN.[17]
  10 William W. Rice.[18]
  11 William Whiting.
  12 Vacancy.

  Michigan—

  1 _William C. Maybury._
  2 _Nathan B. Eldredge._
  3 Edward S. Lacey.[18]
  4 _George L. Yaple._
  5 _Julius Houseman._
  6 _Edwin B. Winans._
  7 _Ezra C. Carleton._
  8 Roswell G. Horr.[18]
  9 Byron M. Cutcheon.
  10 Herschel H. Hatch.
  11 Edward Breitung.

  Minnesota—

  1 Milo White.
  2 James B. Wakefield.
  3 Horace B. Strait.[18]
  4 William D. Washburn.[18]
  5 Knute Nelson.

  Mississippi—

  1 _Henry L. Muldrow._[18]
  2 J. R. CHALMERS,[18] _Ind._
  3 E. S. Jeffords.
  4 _Hernando D. Money._[18]
  5 _Otho R. Singleton._[18]
  6 _Henry S. Van Eaton._
  7 _Ethelbert Barksdale._

  Missouri—

  1 _William H. Hatch._[18]
  2 _A. M. Alexander._
  3 _Alexander M. Dockery._
  4 _James N. Burnes._
  5 _Alexander Graves._
  6 _John Cosgrove._
  7 _Aylett H. Buckner._[18]
  8 _John J. O’Neill._
  9 _James O. Broadhead._
  10 _Martin L. Clardy._[18]
  11 _Richard P. Bland._[18]
  12 _Charles H. Morgan._[19]
  13 _Robert W. Ryan._
  14 _Lowndes H. Davis._[18]

  Nebraska—

  1 Archibald J. Weaver.
  2 James Laird.
  3 Edward K. Valentine.[18]

  Nevada—

  _George W. Cassidy._[18]

  New Hampshire—

  1 Martin A. Haynes.
  2 Ossian Ray.[18]

  New Jersey—

  1 _Thomas W. Ferrell._
  2 J. Hart Brewer.[18]
  3 John Kean. Jr.
  4 Benjamin F. Howey.
  5 William Walter Phelps.[19]
  6 _William H. F. Fiedler._
  7 _William McAdoo._

  New York—

  1 _Perry Belmont._[18]
  2 _William E. Robinson._[18]
  3 Darwin R. James.
  4 _Felix Campbell._
  5 _Nicholas Muller._[19]
  6 _Samuel S. Cox._
  7 _William Dorsheimer._
  8 _John J. Adams._
  9 _John Hardy._[18]
  10 _Abram S. Hewitt._[18]
  11 _Orlando B. Potter._
  12 _Waldo Hutchins._[18]
  13 John H. Ketcham.[18]
  14 _Lewis Beach._[18]
  15 _John J. Bagley, Jr._[19]
  16 _Thomas J. Van Alstyne._
  17 Henry G. Burleigh.
  18 Frederick A. Johnson.
  19 Abraham X. Parker.[18]
  20 _Edward Wemple._
  21 George W. Ray.
  22 Charles R. Skinner.[18]
  23 _J. Thomas Spriggs._
  24 Newton W. Nutting.
  25 Frank Hiscock.[18]
  26 Sereno E. Payne.
  27 James W. Wadsworth.[18]
  28 Stephen C. Millard.
  29 _John Arnot._
  30 _Halbert S. Greenleaf._
  31 _Robert S. Stevens._
  32 _William F. Rogers._
  33 Francis B. Brewer.
  _At Large_—_Henry W. Slocum._[19]

  North Carolina—

  1 _Thomas G. Skinner._
  2 James E. O’Hara.
  3 _Wharton J. Green._
  4 _William R. Cox._[18]
  5 _Alfred M. Scales._[18]
  6 _Clement Dowd._[18]
  7 TYRE YORK, _Ind._
  8 _Robert B. Vance._[18]
  _At Large_—_R. I. Bennett._

  Ohio—

  1 _John F. Follett._
  2 _Isaac M. Jordan._
  3 _Robert M. Murray._
  4 _Benjamin Le Fevre._[18]
  5 _George E. Seney._
  6 _William D. Hill._[19]
  7 Henry L. Morey.[18]
  8 J. Warren Keifer.[18]
  9 James S. Robinson.[18]
  10 _Frank H. Hurd._[19]
  11 John W. McCormick.
  12 Alphonso Hart.
  13 _George L. Converse._[18]
  14 _George W. Geddes._[18]
  15 _Adoniram J. Warner._[19]
  16 _Beriah Wilkins._
  17 Joseph D. Taylor.
  18 William McKinley, Jr.[18]
  19 Ezra B. Taylor.[18]
  20 _David R. Paige._
  21 _Martin A. Foran._

  Oregon—

  Melvin C. George.[18]

  Pennsylvania—

  1 Henry H. Bingham.
  2 Charles O’Neill.[18]
  3 _Samuel J. Randall._[18]
  4 William D. Kelley.[18]
  5 Alfred C. Harmer.[18]
  6 James B. Everhart.
  7 I. Newton Evans.[19]
  8 _Daniel Ermentrout._[18]
  9 A. Herr Smith.[18]
  10 _William Mutchler._[18]
  11 _John B. Storm._[19]
  12 _Daniel W. Connolly._
  13 CHAS. N. BRUMM,[18] _Gbk._
  14 Samuel F. Barr.[18]
  15 _George A. Post._
  16 William W. Brown.
  17 Jacob M. Campbell.[18]
  18 Louis E. Atkinson.
  19 _William A. Duncan._
  20 _Andrew G. Curtin._[18]
  21 _Charles E. Boyle._
  22 _James H. Hopkins._[19]
  23 Thomas M. Bayne.[18]
  24 George V. Lawrence.[19]
  25 _John D. Patton._
  26 Samuel H. Miller[18]
  27 Samuel M. Brainard.
  _At Large_—_Mortimer F. Elliott._

  Rhode Island—

  1 Henry J. Spooner.[18]
  2 Jonathan Chace.[18]

  South Carolina—

  1 _Samuel Dibble._[18]
  2 _George D. Tillman._[18]
  3 _D. Wyatt Aiken._[18]
  4 _John H. Evins._[18]
  5 _John J. Hemphill._
  6 _Geo. W. Dargan._
  7 Edmund W. M. Mackey.[18]

  Tennessee—

  1 Augustus H. Pettibone.
  2 Leonidas C. Houk.[18]
  3 _Geo. G. Dibrell._[18]
  4 _Benton McMillin._[18]
  5 _Richard Warner._[18]
  6 _Andrew J. Caldwell._
  7 _John G. Ballentyne._
  8 _John M. Taylor._
  9 _Rice A. Pearce._
  10 _Casey Young._[19]

  Texas—

  1 _Charles Stewart._
  2 _John H. Reagan._[18]
  3 _James H. Jones._
  4 _David B. Culberson._[18]
  5 _Jas. W. Throckmorton._[19]
  6 _Olin Wellborn._[18]
  7 T. P. OCHILTREE, _Ind._
  8 _James F. Miller._
  9 _Roger Q. Mills._[18]
  10 _John Hancock._[19]
  11 _Samuel W. T. Lanham._

  Vermont—

  1 John W. Stewart.
  2 Luke P. Poland.[19]

  Virginia—

  1 ROBERT M. MAYO, _Re._
  2 HARRY LIBBEY, _Re._
  3 _George D. Wise._[18]
  4 BENJ. S. HOOPER, _Re._
  5 _George C. Cabell._[18]
  6 _John Randolph Tucker._[18]
  7 Vacancy.
  8 _John S. Barbour._[18]
  9 HENRY S. BOWEN, _Re._
  _At Large_—JOHN S. WISE, _Re._

  West Virginia—

  1 Nathan Goff, Jr.
  2 _William L. Wilson._
  3 _Charles P. Snyder._
  4 _Eustace Gibson._

  Wisconsin—

  1 _John Winans._
  2 _Daniel H. Sumner._
  3 _Burr W. Jones._
  4 _Peter F. Deuster._[18]
  5 _Joseph Rankin._
  6 Richard Guenther.[18]
  7 _Guibert M. Woodward._
  8 William T. Price.
  9 Isaac Stephenson.


FOOTNOTES:

[15] Formerly United States Senator.

[16] And Greenback.

[17] Civil Service Reform and Democrat.




INDEX.


  A.
        Page.

  A and ap in names, meaning of, 113

  Abaco Great, island of, 179

  Aboukir, battle of, 54

  Acre, battle of, 54

  Acre, rule for measuring, 21

  Adams, John, birthday of, 46

  ADAMS, J. Q.—
    And the Whigs, 19
    Descent of, 20

  Adams, Samuel, 53

  Addington’s fatal flint, 137

  Africa, Sunday schools in, 117

  AFRICANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Agassiz, Louis, sketch of, 143

  Agnosticism, 60

  ALABAMA—
    Gold mines, 57
    Governors and Senators of, 102

  ALASKA—
    Area of, 33-34
    Early history of, 174
    Fur fisheries of, 174
    Natural features of, 33-34
    Alaska, steamer, time of trip, 177

  ALBANY, N. Y.—
    Burning of, 50
    Settlement of, 62

  Albemarle County Colony, 67

  ALCOHOL—
    Amount in grain, 163
    Production of, 171

  Alderney cattle, 51

  Alexandria, Library of, 60

  Alhambra, the, 87

  ALIENS—
    Heirs of, 96
    Property of, 96

  Alloys, fusibility of, 72

  Almanacs, perpetual, 73

  ALTITUDES—
    How ascertained, 177
    Of Western cities, 21

  Amazon River, sources of the, 184

  Amazon Valley, extent of, 67

  Amendments, Constitutional, 129

  America, Central, 94

  America, Sunday schools in, 117

  AMERICAN—
    Coins, 122-123
    Heroes, 61
    Statesmen, 61
    “Knights”, 130

  Americans, foreign born, 182

  Aminta, 10

  Anchor ice, 83

  Anderson, John, 143

  Andersonville, Providence Spring, 121

  Andorra, 58

  Angelo, Michael, paintings by, 18

  Angora fleeces, 44

  Animals, cruelty to, 52

  Antietam, Lee at, 16

  Antiquity of man, 111-112

  Apocrypha, the, 102

  APPLES—
    Largest market for, 178
    Weight of when green, 179

  Arch Rock, Mackinac, 14

  Architectural ruins, 170-171

  Arctic Explorations, 16-17, 139-140

  Arctic huts, warming and furniture of, 69

  AREA OF—
    England, 31
    Ireland, 31
    Palestine, 104
    Scotland, 31

  Argand burner, 183

  Argentine Confederation, 155

  ARKANSAS—
    Descriptions of, 87-88, 131
    Military road in, 6
    Rivers and towns of, 176
    Trees in, 176

  ARMY. U. S.—
    Chaplains in the, 138
    Cost of the U. S., 164
    Highest rank in the, 20

  Armies, British commanders of, 111

  Arnold, Benedict, age of, 34

  Art societies, 171-172

  ARTHUR, CHESTER A.—
    Descent of, 20
    In the Custom House, 118

  Artision well, the deepest, 175

  Artichokes for hogs, 162

  Artificial Brooders, 76

  Aryan race, ancient home of, 7

  ASBESTOS—
    Charlemagne, table-cloth of, 84
    Where found, 84

  Ashler River colony, 67

  Ashtabula disaster, 61

  Asia, Sunday-schools in, 117

  ASIATICS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Assay offices of U. S., 67

  “Assembly of Notables”, 122

  Assessments of deposits, 102

  Astor, John Jacob, 13

  Astrological superstition, 31

  Atchison, Gen. Dave, sketch of, 91

  ATLANTIC ISLANDERS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Atlantic Ocean higher than the Pacific, 176

  Augustus, home of, 112

  AURORA BOREALIS—
    Known to ancients, 6
    Superstition respecting, 6

  AUSTRALIA—
    Distance and fare to, 124
    Sketch of, 50-51
    Tin mines in, 58
    Australia, South, 51
    Australia, Western, 51

  AUSTRALIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Austria, wealth of, 142

  AUSTRIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  AUTHOR OF—
    “A Bundle of Letters”, 8
    “An International Episode”, 8
    “A Little Bird Told Me”, 123
    “A Skeleton in Every Closet”, 123
    “A Summer Scamper”, 94
    “A Woman’s Shortcomings”, 119
    “Beautiful Snow”, 179
    “Children of the Sun”, 94
    “Christianity, the Logic of Creation”, 8
    “Church not an Ecclesiasticism”, 8
    “Cover Them Over”, 135
    “Daisy Miller”, 8
    “Famous Single and Fugitive poems”, 129
    “Farm Festival”, 136
    “Farm Ballads”, 136
    “Fax”, 135
    “French Poets and Novelists”, 8
    “From Recesses of a Lowly Spirit”, 157
    “Gulliver’s Travels”, 180
    “Hawthorne, Nathaniel”, 8
    “Hobson’s Choice”, 170
    “I am Dying, Egypt, Dying”, 129
    “Jerusalem Liberated”, 10
    “Little Old Sod Shanty,” etc., 174
    “Mariomne”, 18
    “Millions for Defense,” etc., 81
    “Moralism and Christianity”, 8
    “Naval History of U. S.”, 13
    “Not One Cent for Tribute, but,” etc., 81
    “Opus Majus”, 118
    “Paul Pry”, 22
    “Phœnixiana”, 18
    “Poor as I Am, The King,” etc., 63
    “Queechey”, 97
    “Reminiscences of Carlyle”, 8
    “Rifts in the Clouds”, 135
    “Sheridan’s Ride”, 176
    “Squiboby Papers”, 18
    “Substance and Shadow”, 8
    “The American”, 8
    “The Death of Mark Antony”, 129
    “The Diary of a Man of Fifty”, 8
    “The Dying Californian”, 96
    “The Fourth Watch”, 97
    “The Goose Hangs High”, 174
    “The Harp of Zion”, 18
    “The Lamplighter”, 97
    “The Lonely Hearth”, 18
    “The Market Book”, 29
    “The Nature of Evil”, 8
    “The Other Shore”, 97
    “The Pilot”, 13
    “The Pioneers”, 13
    “The Prairie”, 13
    “The Pathfinder”, 13
    “The Secret of Swedenborg”, 8
    “The Spy”, 13
    “The Wide, Wide World”, 97
    “Those Everlasting Gardens,” etc., 157
    “Times That Try Men’s Souls”, 67
    “Transatlantic Sketches”, 8
    “Unless you can Love as the Angels May,” etc., 119
    “Washington Square”, 8
    “Watch and Ward”, 8
    “Wonder of a Kingdom”, 38
    “Young Folks”, 136

  Authors, pseudonyms of, 131-132

  Authors, rights in publications, 36-37

  Averell, Gen. W. W., sketch of, 38


  B.

  Bacchus, sketch of, 102

  “Bachelor Poet,” the, 178

  Baconian theory, 45

  Bacon, Roger, sketch of, 118

  Balize, meaning of, 174

  BALLOONS—
    Different kinds of, 70
    Inventors of, 90
    Performances of, 70

  Banc, court in, defined, 85

  Bank of U. S., oldest, 12-13

  Baptists in Canada, 35

  Barclay’s brave bride, 156

  BARLEY—
    Amount of alcohol in, 163
    Duty on, 11
    Grades of, 67-68
    Weight of bushel of, 68

  “Barnburners”, 52-53

  Barnum, P.T., 106

  Barometer, signs of the, 142-143

  Bashfulness and fear, 133

  Basket-willow, curing of, 113

  Baton Rouge, La, 44

  BATTLE OF—
    Aboukir, 54
    Acre, 54
    Hochkirchen, 117

  Battles, principal of the civil war, 109-110

  Batteries, differences of, 177

  “Bears,” meaning of on ’Change, 141

  “Beautiful Snow,” author of, 179

  Beef, amount in an animal, 36

  Bees, swarming of, 109-124

  BELGIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Belles-lettres, definition of, 156

  Bellinger, E. C., 153

  Benevolence, Christian, 148

  Bergh, H., sketch of, 24

  Bermudas, the, 65

  Berosus, writings of, 42

  Bethany, distance from Jerusalem, 85

  Betting on races, 73

  “Biglow Papers”, 146

  “Bird, a little, told me”, 123

  Binding, Library “Half-Morroco”, 183

  Black Fridays, three of, 104

  BLACK HAWK—
    The tower of, 169
    Wars, 64-65

  Black laws of Illinois, 89-90

  Black letter books, 85

  Blacksmith, made king, 168-169

  “Blake, Mary,” real name of, 180

  Bliss, P. P., at Ashtabula, 61

  Blum, Robt., 127

  BOHEMIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Bolivar, sketch of, 25-26

  BONAPARTE—
    Jerome, children of, 31
    Napoleon, 31
    Napoleon, sketch of, 106
    Prince Jerome, 31

  Bone dust, as a fertilizer, 64

  Bonneval, Claude de, sketch of, 91-92

  Booth, Gen., of the Salvation Army, 110

  Booth, John Wilkes, death of, 177

  Borde, Andrew, the notorious quack, 69

  Boston, burning of, 49-50

  Boy poets, 178

  “Branded Hand,” the, 170

  “Bread, the staff of life”, 175

  Brethren, United, 114

  Bridge, Brooklyn, 96

  Bridge piers, sinking of, 96

  Bridges, affected by music, 40

  British Americans in Chicago, 23

  British Americans in New York, 23

  British army, commanders of, 111

  British goods, tariff on, 86

  Brokerage, how computed, 177

  Brooklyn bridge, 96, 176

  Brown, John, bashfulness of, 133

  Bruce, Robt., 75

  Bruno, the Pantheist, 76-77

  Bryant, W. C., 178

  BUCHANAN, PRESIDENT, JAMES—
    Cabinets of, 20
    Descent of, 20

  Buckwheat, amount of alcohol in, 163

  Buddhism, 168

  “Bulls” and “Bears”, 141

  Bunker Hill battle flag, 29

  Burleigh, Lord, 9

  Burlingame, Anson, 126-127

  BURR, AARON—
    Death of, 55
    Vice President, 177

  Butler, Colonel John, the tory, 89

  Butler, Governor B. F., vote for, 180

  Butler, Zebulon, the patriot, 89

  BUTTER—
    Amount in milk, 176
    Creamery, 27
    Duty on, 11

  Butterine, ingredients of, 20

  Butter, product of a good cow, 39-40

  Byron, Lord, sketch of, 118-119


  C.

  Cable, telegraph, between Ireland and U. S., 184

  Cabinet, of Buchanan, 20

  Cabinet officers, 185

  Cabinet officers, salaries of, 107-108, 185

  Cabinet, Postmaster General in the, 143

  Cable message, the first, 31

  Cables, transatlantic, 21

  Cables, submarine, 120-121

  CÆSARS—
    Palace of the, 112
    The title, 178
    The twelve, 96

  Cairo, elevation of, 109

  Calendar, changes in, 45-46

  Calhoun, resigns Vice Presidency, 49

  CALIFORNIA—
    An early coin of, 44
    Description of, 24, 170
    Leprosy in, 6
    Mail route, 155

  Calvinism, five points in, 91

  Cambridge, Duke of, 111

  CANADA—
    Largest cities in, 151
    Religious statistics in, 35

  Canadian tariff, 86

  Canals, Erie and Michigan, 10

  Canby, General, sketch of, 148

  Canon, the sacred, 102

  Canton, burning of, 50

  Capitol at Washington, 163

  Capron, suicide canard, 120

  Carat, definition and weight of, 8

  Carleton, Will, sketch of, 135-136

  Carlotta, Empress, 122

  Carlos, Don, sketch of, 147-148

  Carlstadt, burning of, 50

  CAROLINA—
    Gold mines of, 57
    Settlement of, 67

  Cashmere fleeces, 44

  Caspian Sea, depression of the, 184

  Castle Garden, New York, 56

  Casualties of the civil war, 74

  Cathedrals, largest, 69

  Catholics, Roman, in Canada, 35

  CATTLE—
    Estimating the weight of, 164-165
    In the United States, 121, 127

  Caucus, origin of the, 53-54

  Cedar County, Neb., 31-32

  Celts, record of British, 43

  Cement, Chinese, 131

  Cemeteries, National, 159

  Central America, 94

  CENTRAL AMERICANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Chaillu, Du, sketch of, 92

  Chancellor, Lord and Chief Justice, 156-157

  Channing, William E., sketch of, 169

  CHAPLAINS—
    Age required for, 138
    In army and navy, 138
    Of Congress, 99

  Chapultepec, Lee at, 16

  Chariots, scythed, 75-76

  Charles, Elizabeth Rundle, 72

  Charleston, S. C., burning of, 50

  Cheers in a conference, 166

  CHEESE—
    Creamery, 27
    Duty on, 11

  Chess, origin of, 69-70

  CHICAGO—
    Burning of, 50, 181
    Churches in, 76
    Elevation of, 128
    First slave in, 174
    First white child born in, 161
    Flower mission in, 73
    Foreign population of, 23
    Grain handled in, 17
    Population of, 176
    Pronunciation and meaning of, 181
    Railroads entering, 133-134
    Saloons in, 105

  Chickens, what to feed, 85

  China, distance and fare to, 124

  Chinese cement, 131

  CHINESE—
    In Australia, 51
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23
    Proverbs of, 167-168

  China, treaties with, 126-127

  Chore, derivation of the word, 175

  Christadelphians, 157

  Christiana, burning of, 49

  Christian Era, when first used, 96

  Christian institutions, 148

  Christianity, the Logic of Creation, 8

  Christmas and Easter, 116

  Churches and membership in Chicago, 76

  Church of England, 74

  Churches, membership of, 182

  Church reformations, 102-103

  CITIES—
    Altitudes of Western, 21
    Largest in U. S. and Canada, 151
    Of France and Great Britain, 131

  Citizen’s League of Illinois, 77-78

  Civil list of U. S., 28

  CIVIL WAR—
    Prisoners taken in, 134
    Troops called for in, 176

  Clarendon County Colony, 67

  CLAY, HENRY—
    And Liberia, 154
    Descendants of, 108-109
    Sketch of, 108-109
    Presidential candidate, 108

  Clearing House, London, 17

  Clement VIII., 10

  Cliff dwellings in Sonora, 165

  Clocks and noon marks, 24

  Clock and sun-dial, 97

  Clydesdale horses, 78

  COAL—
    Area of the U. S., 157
    Duty on, 11
    First reported in U. S., 88
    Oil for fence-posts, 176

  Cobbett, Wm., sketch of, 100

  Code Napoleon, 106

  COFFEE—
    First use of, 95
    Mocha, 44-45

  COIN—
    An early Californian, 44
    At a premium, 110
    Early American, 19
    Fineness of U. S., 20
    Foreign, value of, 128
    Rare, of the U. S., 122-123
    Value of rare, 19-20

  COLD—
    Atmospheric condition of, 83
    In Dakota and Chicago, 83

  Cold Harbor, General Meade at, 184

  Coles, Governor Edward, sketch of, 20

  Cologne Cathedral, 69

  Colombia, formation of, 25

  Colosseum, dimensions of, 68-69

  Columbia College, wealth and attendance, 134

  Columbia, District of, area of, 180

  Columbia River, 145-146

  Columbus, wives and sons of, 73

  Combe, George, 9

  Comet of 1812 and 1813, 149

  Committee of the Whole, 53

  Communism, 79

  Compass, variations of, 16

  Compulsory Education Laws, 132-133

  Concrete houses, 100-101

  Confederacy, finances of, 123-124

  Confederate losses, 74

  Confucianism, 168

  Congregationalists in Canada, 35

  CONGRESS—
    The Continental, 62, 140
    First Chaplains of, 99
    Members of, 185
    Congressman “at large”, 70, 179
    Members not United States officers, 177
    Congressmen, occupations of, 88
    Salaries of, 180
    Congressional apportionments, 11
    Congressional townships, 67

  CONSTANTINOPLE—
    Burning of, 49-50
    Harbor of, 182

  Constellations of the Zodiac, 30-31

  CONSTITUTION—
    Amendments to the, 104, 129
    Framers of the, 177
    Of the United States, 138

  Consumption, deaths from, 125

  Contestants of seats in Congress, 70

  Continental Congress, Presidents of, 62

  Convict labor, 95

  Cook, Eliza, sketch of, 15

  Cooper, J. Fenimore, sketch of, 13

  Copenhagen, burning of, 49

  Copper, where found and use, 14

  COPYRIGHT—
    How to secure a, 78
    Penalties, 78

  Cordova, Mexico, description of, 116

  CORN—
    Amount of alcohol in, 163
    Crop of Iowa and Illinois, 124
    Crop in 1882, 31
    Duty on, 11
    “Corn Laws”, 154
    Leading county in, 181

  Corn meal, duty on, 11

  Cortez, Fernando, 48-49

  Cotton, white and brown, 181

  Cotton-gin, inventor of, 114

  Counties, large, 118

  Counties, number in the United States, 32

  Court in banc, 85

  Courts, high, 157

  Cow, products of butter from, 39-40

  Cox, “Sunset”, 179

  Creamery, description of, 27-28

  Creole, meaning of the term, 184

  CRIME—
    In Chicago, 77
    On high seas, 51

  Criminals, number of educated, 175

  Cruelty to animals, 52

  Cuba, slavery in, 23

  Cummins, Maria S., 97

  “Curfew Must Not Ring To-night”, 180

  Cushing, Caleb, 126

  Custer County, Neb., 145

  Czar, income of the, 47


  D.

  DAKOTA—
    “Bad Lands” of, 153-154
    Brown County, 118
    Cold in, 83
    Corn in, 119-120
    Entering land in, 43
    Southeastern, 47

  “Daisy Miller,” author of, 8

  DANES—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Darius and the Scythians, 115

  Dartmouth College, founding of, 109

  Dates, how to find day of, 92

  Date line, international, 144

  Davis, Jefferson, sketch of, 71

  Davy and the electric light, 21

  Days of week, of old dates, 73, 92

  Dead Sea, depression of the, 184

  DEATHS—
    From accident, 125
    From consumption, 125
    Rate of in cities, 119

  Debate, questions for, 65

  DEBT—
    Funded and floating, defined, 54
    Of the Confederacy, 123-124
    Of France and Great Britain, 40
    Of States, 98
    Of United States, 30, 98
    Of United States under Buchanan, 79
    Of Virginia, 41
    Reduction of National, 78-79
    Repudiated, State, 43-44

  Declaration of Independence, 183

  Decoration Day, date of, 182

  Democratic party, origin of the, 135, 161

  Democrats, the rooster emblematic of, 124

  DENOMINATIONS—
    Statistics of, 9, 16
    Statistics of in Canada, 35

  Deposits, assessment of, 102

  Derby, Captain Henry, “John Phœnix”, 18-19

  “Desert Land Act”, 61, 78, 99

  De Soto as a miner, 88

  DIAMONDS—
    Discovery of, 105-106
    In ancient countries, 105
    Manufacturing, 183
    Noted ones, 105
    Tariff on, 166

  DISTANCES—
    Between points on N. Pac. R. R., 61
    San Francisco to Australia, 124
    San Francisco to Sandwich Islands, 124
    San Francisco to New Zealand, 124
    San Francisco to China and Japan, 124
    From St. Paul to Portland, Oregon, 183
    From St. Paul to Chicago, 183

  Distillery, largest, 177

  Dixon, bridge, disaster at, 120

  DOLLAR—
    Trade, silver in a, 184
    Not legal tender, 184

  Dollars, rare old, 19-20

  Don Carlos, sketch of, 147-148

  Dower right, relinquishment of the, 181

  Dram-shops, license for, 151

  “Drink, strong” of the Hebrews, 146-147

  Drinking from skulls, 38

  Druggists, number of trained, 60

  Du Chaillu, sketch of, 92

  Dude, origin of the word, 177

  Dumas’ works, order of, 20

  Duncan, General Joseph, 64-65

  DUTCH—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  DUTIES—
    Rates of at various dates, 7
    Tendency to increase, 7-8
    On farm products, 11
    On coal, 11

  “Dying Californian,” author of, 96


  E.

  Earth, revolves 366 times in a year, 21

  EARTHQUAKES—
    Frequency of, 47
    Causes of, 46-47

  Easter, a movable feast, 116

  “Ecce Homo,” author of, 177

  Eclectic School of Medicine, 183

  Eden, site of, 32-67

  Edinburg, burning of, 49

  Editorial rules governing manuscripts, 36-37

  EDUCATION—
    And Christians, 148
    Of criminals, 175
    Of Indians, 167

  Egg, a remarkable, 159

  Egypt, Napoleon in, 54

  ELECTIONS—
    Years for Presidential, 30

  Electric Light, discovery of, 21

  Electric Telegraphing, 79

  ELECTRICITY—
    Effect on watch, 179
    Velocity of, 184

  Elevated Railways, 22

  Elgin, bridge disaster at, 120

  Elizabeth, Queen, 9

  Emmanuel, Victor, 135

  Embargo of 1807, 184

  Ember days, 114

  ENGLAND—
    Area of, 31
    Church of, 74
    Intemperance in, 34
    Railway speed in, 28
    Ship-building in, 17-18
    Sovereigns of, 26
    Wages in, 17
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Episcopalians in Canada, 35

  Equinoxes, precession of the, 148-149

  Era, Christian, 96

  Erie and Michigan Canal, 10

  Erie Canal, 177

  Eugenie, ex-Empress of France, 31

  Europe, Sunday schools in, 117

  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS—
    Of the Cabinet, 186
    Salaries of, 107-108

  Expenses of contestants for Congress, 70

  Explorers in the Southwest, 94


  F.

  Falconry, 58

  “Fall of Jerusalem,” the, 174

  Fallows, Bishop, sketch of, 79

  Fare to Australia, 124

  “Farm Ballads”, 136

  FARMS—
    Bonanza, 97
    Of the United States, 139

  “Father of History”, 68

  Feasts, Christian and Jewish, 116

  February, five Sundays in, 62

  Feeble-minded, State Institute for, 8, 161-162

  Fencing lumber, grades of, 85

  Ferrara, Duke of, 10

  Fertilizer, bone dust as a, 64

  Fessenden, Thomas G., sketch of, 179

  Feudalism, 145

  Fiat money in Japan, 113

  Fillmore, President, descent of, 20

  FIRES—
    Caused by locomotives, 95-96
    List of great ones, 49-50
    London, Moscow, Chicago, 28
    Fisk, Jas., and Black Friday, 104

  FLAG—
    At Bunker Hill battle, 29
    At Fort Sumter, 88
    History of the United States, 15
    Of Colonial troops, 29
    Of our Union, the, 151

  Flagg, Azariah C., 52

  Flooring, lumber, grades of, 85

  Flower Mission, Chicago, 73

  Ford, Governor, last years of, 182

  Foreigners in Chicago and New York, 23

  “Fourth Watch,” author of, 97

  FOWLS—
    Description of, 65
    Houdan, how marked, 31
    Sex of, 143-144

  Fowler, Oscar Squire, 9

  FRANCE—
    Agriculture in, 103
    Carrying trade of, 103
    Chief cities of, 131
    Commerce of, 103
    Finances of, 142
    Government of, 184
    In Mexico, 26
    Manufacturers of, 103
    Mining in, 103
    National debt of, 40
    The President of, 161
    Threatened war with, 82
    Franco-German war, 40

  Franchise in Great Britain, 81

  Francis Joseph, 135

  FRANKLIN, SIR JOHN—
    Expedition of, 139-140
    Search for, 88, 127
    Last record of, 127

  Fraudulent land claims, 48

  FREMONT, J. C.,—
    Character of, 180
    Explorations of, 94

  French explorations in the West, 90

  French pools, 73

  Friday, Good, Lincoln’s assassination on, 48

  Froebel, sketch of, 82-83

  Fuel, amount of wood consumed, 38

  Fugitive slave laws, 57-58

  Fur fisheries of Alaska, 174

  Fusibility of alloys, 72


  G.

  Gall, Franz Joseph, 8

  Garfield, descent of, 20

  Gay-Lussac, sketch of, 90

  Geikie, Professor, 111

  Gelasius, Pope, 102

  Gems, the language of, 8

  Generals, U. S. A., rank of, 20-21

  “Gentle Shepherd,” nickname of, 176

  Geological divisions of time, 120

  George Third, king in 1775, 181

  Georgia gold mines, 57

  Gere, C. H., 112

  Germans in Chicago, 23

  Germans in New York, 23

  German Jews, 10-11

  GERMANY—
    Agriculture in, 103
    Carrying trade of, 103
    Commerce of, 103
    Manufactures of, 103
    Mining in, 103
    Wealth of, 142

  Gettysburg, Lee at, 16

  Gettysburg and Waterloo, battles of, 47-48

  Ginseng, export of, 183

  Girard, Stephen, sketch of, 127

  Glacial period, the, 7, 157

  Glaciers, directions of, 7

  Gladstone, W. E., sketch of, 172

  Glaisher, the balloonist, 70

  Glue, liquid, 131

  Goats of Angora and Cashmere, 44

  GOLD—
    In sea water, 72-73
    Localities and uses, 14
    Mines, location and product, 57

  Golden Horn, the, 182

  Golden House of Nero, 112

  “Golden Circle, Knights of the”, 130

  Gonzales, General, 182

  “Goose Hangs High,” origin of, 174

  GORTSCHAKOFF—
    And America, 38
    At Sebastopol, 177

  Gospels, when written, 21

  GOTHAM—
    Application to New York, 69
    Traditions of, 69
    Wise men of, 69

  Gould, Jay, and Black Friday, 104

  GOVERNMENT—
    Land sales of, 71
    Cost of, 107-108
    Land sections, subdivision of, 94-95

  GOVERNORS—
    Of Alabama, 102
    Of Kansas, 59
    Of States, 57
    Terms and salaries of, 57

  GRAIN—
    At Milwaukee and Chicago, 17
    Price in England, since corn laws, 154

  GRANT, U. S.,—
    And Black Friday, 104
    Descent of, 20

  GREAT BRITAIN—
    Agriculture in, 103
    Carrying trade of, 103
    Celts of, 43
    Chief cities of, 131
    Commerce of, 103
    Debt of, 40
    Emancipation in, 52
    Franchise in, 81
    High Court of, 157
    Manufactures of, 103
    Mining in, 103
    Parliament of, 117-118
    Rates of interest in, 63
    Revenue of, 58-59
    Schools in, 117
    Sovereigns of, 26
    Wealth of, 142

  Great Dipper, revolution of, 12

  “Great Eastern”, 183

  GREEKS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  GREELEY, HORACE—
    Bondsman of Davis, 183
    Southern policy of, 183

  GREENLANDERS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Greenwich, situation of, 174

  Gregorian Calendar, 45-46

  Grenville, George, 176

  Grevy, President, salary of, 161

  “Grimes, Old,” original of, 156

  Grote, George, Sketch of, 75

  Grout houses, 100-101

  Guilds, 26

  Guillotine, the, 102

  Guinea pig, 115

  Guiteau jury, names of, 10

  “Gulliver’s Travels,” author of, 180

  GUNS—
    Choke-bore, 133
    Different makes, 42
    Duty on, 8
    Points of a good one, 41-42

  Gunpowder, invention of, 118


  H.

  Halbig, John, sketch of, 160

  Hale, J. P., candidate for President, 120

  Hallowe’en, history of, 146

  Hamburg, burning of, 50

  Hamilton, Alex., nationality of, 151

  Hanford, murder of, 65-66, 184

  Harmonica, the, 99

  Harper’s Ferry, Lee at, 16

  Harrison, descent of, 20

  Harvard University, wealth and attendance, 134

  Havana, burning of, 50

  Hawks’ bills, 58

  Hay, measuring, 155-156

  Hayes, President, descent of, 20

  Hayes, Dr., death of, 88

  Hayes, President, and Arthur, 118

  Headlight oil, 159

  Hebrew, not a living language, 60

  Helen and the Siege of Troy, 160-161

  Henry, Gen. Jas. D., 65

  Henry VIII., of England, 32-33

  Hero and Leander, 75

  HERODOTUS—
    Sketch of, 68
    Writings of, 42

  High-binder, sporting term, 114

  High Court, England, 157

  High Seas, 51

  Hill, Thos., original of Paul Pry, 22

  Historians, American, 133

  Historians, greatest American, 37

  Historians, oldest, 42

  Historical Societies, 171-172

  “Hobson’s Choice”, 170

  Hobson, Lieutenant, 127

  Hochkirchen, battle of, 117

  HOLIDAYS—
    Legal, in Illinois, 177
    National, 177

  Holland, wealth of, 142

  Homeopathy in the United States, 112

  Homerian Riddle, 21

  HOMESTEADS—
    Abandonment of, 60
    Act granting, 46
    Claims, 174
    Claims, fraudulent, 48
    Not liable for debt, 143
    Rights of women, 85
    Soldiers, 29, 59, 176
    Two applications for a, 178

  Honey-dew, 175

  Hot Springs, Las Vegas, 101

  Houdan Fowls, how marked, 31

  House of Representatives, 185

  Howitt, Wm., 106

  Hugo, Victor, works of, 114-115

  HUGUENOTS—
    In the Carolinas, 67
    The picture of, 162

  HULL, GENERAL—
    Birth and rank, 151
    In what battles, 55

  Hull, Commodore, birth and rank, 151

  Humane Society, 24

  HUNGARIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Hungary, Apostle of, 107

  “Hunkers”, 52-53

  Huron, D. T., elevation of, 128

  Hussites, the, 103


  I.

  “I am dying, Egypt, dying”, 129

  “I” and “We” in journalism, 121

  Ice, anchor, 83-84

  Igloos or Arctic huts, 69

  Illustrations, copyrighted, 157

  ILLINOIS—
    Black laws, 89-90
    Citizens’ League of, 77-78
    Congressional districts of, 183
    Constitutions of, 184
    Corn crop of, 124
    First railroad in, 92
    General Assembly of, 184
    Half votes in, 183
    Institution for feeble-minded, 8
    Leading corn county of, 181
    Liquor drank in, 104-105
    Orphan asylums in, 97
    Railroads in, 149
    Rainfall in 1882, 182
    Saloons in, 105
    Slavery in, 89-90
    State normal schools, 180
    Wealth of, 158
    Wheat crop in 1882, 105

  IMMIGRANTS—
    Number of, 52
    Vaccination of, 40

  Immigration Commission, New York, 56

  Immigration, foreign, 149

  Imports, amount of, 175

  Inauguration Day on Sunday, 180

  INCUBATOR—
    Artificial, 54-55
    How to use, 84-85
    Success of, 60-61

  Independence, Declaration of, 140

  INDEX—
    Of periodical literature, 45
    Poole’s, to magazines and reviews, 45

  INDIANA—
    Governors of, 165-166
    Temperance in politics, 35

  INDIANS—
    Education of the, 167
    Tribes of Michigan, 13

  Industrial legislation, 46

  Infallibility of the Pope, 103

  Inks, recipes for, 15

  Innocent I., Pope, 102

  INTEMPERANCE—
    In Chicago, 77
    In England, 34
    In Illinois, 104

  INTEREST—
    On notes, 55-56
    Rates of, 63

  “International date lines”, 144

  Inter Ocean, when named, 174

  Inventors, greatest Americans, 37

  Invincible Club. Democratic, 130

  IOWA—
    Corn crop of, 124
    Governors of, 66

  IRELAND—
    Area of, 31
    Celts in, 43

  IRISH—
    Ancient language of the, 176
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Iron, where found, 14

  “I sat alone with my conscience”, 106

  Isinglass, 114

  ITALIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  ITALY—
    Freedom of, 135
    Wealth of, 142


  J.

  JACKSON, ANDREW—
    Descent of, 20
    Double marriage of, 28-29

  Jamaica, emancipation in, 52

  James, Henry, Sr. and Jr., 8

  Jamestown, settlement of, 62

  JAPAN—
    Distance, and fare to, 124
    Effects of low tariff in, 113
    Japanese in Chicago, 23
    Japanese in New York, 23

  Jeannette expedition, 140

  JEFFERSON, THOMAS—
    Descent of, 20
    Library of, 12
    Sketch of, 11, 135
    United States banks and, 12
    Jeffersonianism, 11-12

  Jersey cattle, 51

  Jerusalem, burning of, 49

  “Jerusalem liberated”, 10

  Jesus Christ, date of birth of, 34

  JEWS—
    Nationality of the, 10-11
    Rights of in various countries, 10
    Scriptures, of the, 103

  John Carver, 14

  JOHNSON, ANDREW—
    Descent of, 20
    Impeachment of, 184

  Johnson, Vice President, R. M., elected by Senate, 94

  Johnston, General A. S., sketch of, 83

  Johnston, General Joseph E., sketch of, 83

  Josephine, Empress, divorce of, 106

  Journalism, origin of, 80-81

  Juarez, expelled by French, 26

  Julian Calendar, 45

  Julian, Geo. W., sketch of, 120

  Jumps, highest, 68

  Justices, Chief of the United States, 180


  K.

  KANE, DR. E. K.—
    Sketch of, 88
    Explorations of, 140

  KANSAS—
    Governors of, 59
    Colored population of, 179
    Made a State, 63
    Senators of, 59
    Topeka, Reform School of, 177

  Keith, Marshall, sketch of, 116-117

  Keokuk, 64

  Kleber, General, 54

  “Knights, American”, 130

  “Knights of the Golden Circle”, 130

  Knox, William, sketch of, 18

  Konigsburg, burning of, 49

  Kyrle, John, 131


  L.

  Labrador, tropical plants in, 113

  Ladies members of Parliament, 63-64

  “Lady Elgin,” loss of the, 50

  Lady’s Day, 174

  Lakes, the great, 51

  LANDS, PUBLIC—
    “Bad lands”, 153
    Desert act, 78
    Entries by women, 73-74
    Entries in Dakota, 43
    How much one person can enter, 43
    In California, 99
    In Nevada, 99
    Omaha Reservation, 116
    Sale of government, 71
    Subdivisions of, 94
    Unimproved, 52
    Wrong surveys, 90

  Land warrants, 96-97

  “Language” and “Tongue”, 97-98

  Language of gems, 8

  Laodicea, council of, 102

  Las Vegas hot springs, 101

  “Last Supper,” painter of the, 182

  Lathrop, Amy, 97

  Laud, Archbishop, 71-72

  LAWYERS—
    As Presidents, 88
    In Congress, 88-89

  Lead-crystals, forms of, 42

  Leander, 75

  Leaps, longest, 25

  Leap Year, why 1900 is not a, 45

  Lee, Robert E., sketch of, 16

  Legion, the number in, 150

  Legislation for the people, 46

  Leper settlement, Sandwich Islands, 6

  LEPROSY—
    Among Caucasians, 6
    Case of Charles Derby, 6
    In California, 6
    In Sandwich Islands, 6

  Lewis and Clarke, explorations of, 90-94

  Liberia, history of, 154-155

  Lice in chickens, to destroy, 182

  LICENSES—
    Dram-shop, 151
    Of saloons in Illinois, 105

  Life-boat, inventor of the, 140-141

  Light, velocity of, 184

  LINCOLN, ABRAHAM—
    Descent of, 20
    Day and date of assassination of, 48

  Lincoln, monument to, 112-113
    Vote for in 1860, 179

  LIQUORS—
    Revenue from, 172
    Drank in Illinois, 104-105

  Literati, American, 61

  LITERATURE—
    Definition of, 156
    Poole’s Index of, 45

  “Little Old Sod Shanty,” author of, 174

  Liverpool, burning of, 50

  Livermore, Mrs. Mary A., sketch of, 85-86

  Livingstone, Dr., sketch of, 94

  LOANS OF UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT—
    During the Revolution, 80
    In 1860, 163
    See Debt, Index

  Locomotives, fire caused by, 95-96
    Fastest time of a, 180
    Largest in United States, 39

  Lollards, the, 103

  LONDON—
    Ancient facts regarding, 151
    Burning of, 49
    Clearing House of, 17
    Derivation of its name, 151

  Longevity of the Circassians, 149

  Longitude and latitude at sea, 30

  Lottery mail matter, 51

  Louisiana, Capital of, 44

  Louis Philippe, sketch of, 157-158

  Lowe, the balloonist, 71

  Lowell, J. R., sketch of, 146

  LUMBER—
    Grades of, 85
    Weight of, 107

  Luther, Martin, sketch of, 109

  LUXEMBURGERS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Lytle, General W. H., sketch of, 129


  M.

  Maecenas, house of, 112

  Mackenzie, sketch of, 15-16

  Mackinac Island, history of, 13-14

  Madison, President, descent of, 20, 135

  Madison, Wis., elevation of, 128

  Madonna, Sistine, 150-151

  “Maid of the Mist” at Niagara, 103, 134

  Mail, old California, 155

  Mail-bags, pouch in, 146

  Maine liquor law, 166

  Mallet on earthquakes, 47

  Mamelukes, slaughter of, 95

  Man, antiquity of, 111-112

  “Man of Ross,” the, 131

  Manetho, writings of, 42

  Manitoba, pronunciation of, 181

  Manna, 85

  MANUSCRIPT—
    Postage on, 73
    Rule governing, 36-37

  Marcy. Hon. Wm. L., 52

  Marine vessels, old, 146

  Marquette, Jean, 13

  MARRIAGE—
    Between whites and blacks, 177
    License in Wisconsin, 181

  Martyrs in the Colosseum, 69

  Massachusetts, wealth of, 158

  Mason, Governor, of Michigan, 25

  Mason, Sergeant, sentence of, 96

  Mason & Dixon’s Line, 63

  Matches, revenue from, 172

  Mather, Cotton, 150

  MAXIMILIAN, OF MEXICO—
    And Carlotta, 122
    In Mexico, 26
    “Legions” of, 179
    Sketch of, 97

  McClellan’s “Minute Men”, 130

  Meade, General, at Cold Harbor, 184

  Measuring an acre, 21

  Meat, ratio to live weight, 36

  Medicine, eclectic school of, 183

  Meerschaum—Sea Foam, 57

  Mendoza, burning of, 50

  Menon, General, in Egypt, 54

  Merchants’ Club and the Caucus, 54

  Mercury, locality and uses, 14

  Mermaid Tavern, 168

  “Merry Andrew,” origin of, 69

  Metals, their location and uses, 14

  Metals, yield in various countries, 14

  Meteoric stones, 123

  Methodists in Canada, 35

  Metrical System, base of the, 149-150

  Meuse, river, 180

  MEXICANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  MEXICO—
    Discovery of, 48-49
    Government of, 182
    The mines in, 58

  Mica, 12

  Michigan, first State election in, 25

  Middleton, Thomas, 38

  Mileage, railroads, 37

  Miller, Joaquin, 64

  Military heroes of America, 61

  Military road in Arkansas, 6

  Militia, called by the President, 176

  Milk, amount of butter in, 176

  Milman, H. H., 174

  Milwaukee, grain handled in, 17

  MINES—
    Deepest in the world, 176
    Oldest American, 88
    Mines of Australia, 51
    Mines of the Toltecs and Aztecs, 88

  “Minnie Myrtle”, 64

  Mints, U. S., 67

  Miocene Period, man in, 111

  MISSISSIPPI RIVER—
    Does not run up-hill, 98-99
    Fall of, 109
    Length of, 115
    Navigation of the, 162
    Valley of the, 67

  Missouri Compromise, 63

  Missouri River, length of the, 115-116

  Mitchell, Maggie, 71

  Mizpah, meaning of, 184

  Mocha, island of, 114

  Mocha coffee, 44-45

  Moffat, Robert, 94

  Moldavian Desert, 115

  Money, early American, 19

  “Monitor,” the original, 173

  Monroe, descent of, 20

  Montreal, burning of, 50

  “Moralism and Christianity”, 8

  Moravian Brethren, the, 103

  Morris, George P., sketch of, 151

  Mortality in cities, 119

  MOSCOW—
    Burning of, 49-50
    Siege of, 54
    Who burned, 67

  Moses, writings of, 42

  MOUNTAINS—
    Highest in Philippine Islands, 184
    How measured, 177
    Of Australia, 50-51

  Movable feasts, 116

  Munich, 87

  Murad Bey, 95

  Murders, annual number, 91

  Mushroom gardening, 95

  Mushroom and toadstool, 79

  Music, effect on bridges, 40

  Mutuals, Paris, 73

  Mystics, the, 103


  N.

  NAPOLEON BONAPARTE—
    Banishment of, 11
    Defeat of, 54
    Sketch of, 31

  NAPOLEON III, LOUIS—
    And Maximilian, 26
    Sketch and incidents of, 31, 122, 134

  Nares Polar Expedition, 93

  Nast, Thomas, sketch of, 97

  National Banks, security of, 66

  Nations of the Globe, 42-43

  “Nature of Evil,” the, 8

  NAVY, U. S.—
    Chaplains in the, 138
    Officers who turned rebels, 87
    Period of 1861 to 1865, 87

  NEBRASKA—
    And Lincoln’s monument, 112-113
    “Bad Lands” in, 153-154
    Cedar County, 31-32
    Description of, 144-145
    Rainfall in, 91
    State Normal, 169
    Wheat crops in, 161

  Negroes and Suffrage, 15

  Negroes, schools for, 89

  Neilson, Adelaide, 177

  Nero, golden house of, 112

  New Jersey, woman suffrage in, 134

  New Orleans, La., 44

  New South Wales, 51

  NEWSPAPERS—
    Circulation of, 132
    Earliest, 80-81
    Number in America, 81
    New Troy, 151

  NEW YORK CITY—
    Burning of, 49
    Charter of, 7
    Elevated railways in, 22
    Foreigners in, 23
    Mayors of, 158
    Sale of apples in, 178

  NEW YORK, STATE OF—
    Cost of new State Capitol, 9
    Discovery and settlement of, 7
    Immigration, Commissioners of, 56
    Wealth of, 158

  NIAGARA RIVER—
    Descent of, 103
    Facts concerning, 62
    Shooting the rapids of, 134

  Nicollet, John, 13

  Nicknames of Southern States, 181

  Nightingale, Florence, Sketch of, 76

  Nightingale, the habitat of, 184

  Night-glasses, 133

  Nihilism, 78

  NILE—
    Battle of the, 54
    Ruins along the, 170-171

  Noble, Warren V., sketch of, 10

  Noon marks, 24

  Nordenskjold, sketch of, 79

  NORMAL SCHOOLS—
    Of Illinois, 180
    Of Nebraska, 169

  Norman horses, 78

  North, Lord, Minister of England, 181

  Northwest passage. See Arctic.

  NORWEGIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Notables, assembly of, 122

  “Not one cent for tribute,” author of, 81-82

  Novgorod, burning of, 50


  O.

  OATS—
    Amount of alcohol in, 163
    Duty on, 11

  Oberammergau, 35

  Occupations, number in United States, 136

  Oceanica, Sunday-schools in, 117

  “O-grab-me act”, 184

  OHIO—
    Institute for Feeble-minded, 8
    Wealth of, 158
    Wheat crops in, 161

  Oil, headlight, 159

  Omaha Reservation, 116

  Opium war, 126

  “Opus Majus”, 118

  Orators, greatest American, 37

  OREGON—
    Crops and herds, 100
    Description of, 99

  Orphan asylums in Illinois, 97

  Osage-orange, silk from, 129-130

  Osier plantations, 101

  “Other Shore,” author of, 97

  “Ouida”, 177

  Ounces, weight of, 177


  P.

  Paint, what makes it poor, 181

  Painting, how to copyright, 184

  Paintings, celebrated, 18

  Pan-Presbyterian Council, 91

  Papal infallibility, 103

  Paris, burning of, 50

  Paris Mutuals, 73

  Parliament, members of, 63-64

  Parris, Samuel, and Mass. witchcraft, 150

  PARTNERS—
    Effect of marriage of, 182
    Special, 129

  Passion-flower, 84

  Passion Play, history of the, 35-36

  Patch, Sam, 177

  Patterson, Elizabeth (Bonaparte), 31

  Patented articles, must bear notice, 174

  Patti, Adelina, sketch of, 145

  Pattie, Sylvester, 94

  Paul Pry, 22

  Pauper relatives, support of, 92

  “Peace Organisation”, 130

  “Peasant, the”, 106

  Pedestrian, best, 143

  “Peeler,” debt, 41

  PEERESSES—
    In Parliament, 145
    Of England, 63-64

  Peking, population of, 59-60

  Penikese, Agassiz’s school on, 143

  Pennsylvania, wealth of, 158

  Pennsylvania Whisky War, 90

  PENSION—
    Attorney’s fees for, 158-159
    Of soldiers of 1812, 151
    Who inherits, 68

  Periodicals, number of in U. S., 182

  “Perkins, Eli”, 177

  Perry, naval song of, 138

  Peru, tin mines in, 58

  Pestalozzi, sketch of, 82

  Pewter, fusibility of, 72

  Pharmacy Laws, 60

  Philippine Islands, highest mountain in, 184

  “Phœnix, John,” sketch of, 18-19

  Phrenology, history of, 8-9

  Pierce, President; descent of, 20

  Pierre, Dakota, 184

  Pigs, Guinea, 115

  Pinckney, Chas. C., 81-82

  Pisa, leaning tower of, 40-41

  Pitch of a roof, 179

  Pitman, Mary Ann, 130

  Pittsburg, burning of, 50

  Pittsburg Convention, 120

  Planets in February, 1883, 18

  Plants, tropical, in Labrador, 113

  Platinum, locality and use, 14

  “Plon Plon”, 31

  Plows, steam, first, 152-153

  Pocahontas, descendants of, 21

  Poems, certain, authors of, see Authors, Index

  Poets, greatest American, 37

  Polar Explorations, the, 16-17

  Pole, why weight increases at, 179

  POLE, SOUTH—
    Nearest approach to, 93
    See Arctic.

  POLES—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  Police, Metropolitan and city, 34

  POLK, PRESIDENT—
    Descent of, 20
    Feud with Silas Wright, 52

  Poll-tax, who pays, 175

  Pontoon bridges, Prairie du Chien, 177

  Poole, John, 22

  Poole’s Index, 45

  Pools, French, 73

  “Poor as I am,” etc., 63

  POPULATION—
    Of the globe, 37-38
    Of the United States, colored, 175

  “Porte Crayon,” pseudonym of, 115

  Porterhouse steak, origin of name, 29

  Portland, Me., burning of, 50

  Portsmouth, burning of, 49

  PORTUGUESE—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  POSTAGE—
    Cheap, legislation for, 46
    Foreign, 159-160
    Old rates of, 151
    On manuscript, 73
    On newspapers, 139

  Postage stamp, origin of, 67

  Postal expenditures, 158

  Postal instructions, 185

  Postal rates, old, 151-152

  Postal service in the United States, 97

  Postal system, history of the, 141-142

  Postal time-table, 185

  Postmaster General in the Cabinet, 143

  Postmasters, salaries of, 138-139

  Postoffices, origin of, 141-142

  Posts, coal oil preserve, 176

  Potatoes, duty on, 11

  Poultry, artificial brooders, 76

  Poultry Association, North American, 162-163

  Pratt, Major, 152-153

  Precession of the equinoxes, 148-149

  PRE-EMPTIONS—
    Claims, 174
    “Continuous residence,” on, 137
    Liable for debts, 143
    “Proving up”, 137
    When claims join, 178
    Who can make, 176-178

  Presbyterians in Canada, 35

  Presidential dinners, who pays for, 49

  Presidential election, years for, 30

  PRESIDENTS—
    And republics, 59
    National descent of, 20
    Of Continental Congress, 62
    Professions of, 88
    Pro-tem., of the Senate, 115, 185
    Salary of, 107, 180-182

  Printers’ wages in Chicago, 174

  Prison labor, 95

  Prize-ring, championship of, 175

  Promissory note, interest on, 55-56

  Property of a wife, 176

  Proverbs, Chinese, 167-168

  Providence Spring, 121

  Pry, Paul, 22-23

  Pseudonyms of authors, 131-132

  Ptolemy Philadelphus, sketch of, 60

  Pueblos of New Mexico, 64

  Puget Sound, 24

  Pullman cars, cost of, 182

  “Puts and Calls”, 175

  Pyramids, battle of the, 95


  Q.

  Quakers and suffrage, 15

  Quaternary period, 111

  Quebec, burning of, 50

  “Queechey,” author of, 97

  Queen Victoria, surname of, 98

  Queen’s bench, 157

  Queensland, 50-51


  R.

  Races, ten and twenty mile at Minneapolis, 180

  Rae, Dr. John, 139

  RAILROADS—
    Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe, 101
    Certain agreements between, 21
    Disaster at Tay bridge, 59
    Entering Chicago, 133-134
    First, 179
    First in Illinois, 92
    In Illinois, number of, 149
    Land grants to, 37
    Lands, settlers on, 125
    Michigan Central, 175
    Mileage of, 37
    Miles of, in United States, 157
    Northern Pacific, 61
    Pacific, finances of, 173
    Southern Pacific, 72
    Trains, speed of, 28
    Union Pacific, 184

  Railways, elevated, in New York, 22

  RAINFALL—
    In Nebraska, 91, 144-145
    In United States, 82

  Rain-gauge, how used, 93

  RALEIGH, SIR W.—
    Club of, 168
    Execution of, 90

  Randall, S. J., sketch of, 10

  Randolph, Chief Postmaster, 141

  Raphael, paintings by, 18

  Raphael’s Sistine Madonna, 150-151

  Rebellion, principal battles of, 109-110

  “Red Line Poets”, 181

  Red Sea, origin of name, 27

  Reed, General Joseph, 63

  Reform School at Topeka, Kan, 177

  Relationships, 36

  Relatives, pauper, legal claims of, 92

  Religion, oldest form of, 175

  RELIGIOUS SECTS—
    Statistics of, 9, 76, 182
    Statistics of, in Canada, 35

  Representatives, Speaker of the House, 115

  Republics, Chief Magistrates of, 59

  “Republic of South Carolina”, 58

  Republican legislation, effects of, 46

  Requisition of Governor, 178

  REVENUE—
    From salt, in New York State, 173
    Internal, 172-173
    Of Great Britain, 58-59

  Rhode Island, smaller than some counties, 118

  Rice, introduction into United States, 180

  Richmond, Lee at, 16

  Richter, Jean P., sketch of, 113-114

  Riddle, given to Homer, 21

  Riddleberger, Bill, 41

  Rifles, Sharpes, inventor of, 180

  Rip Van Winkle, 179

  RIVERS—
    Amazon, 67
    And harbors, cost of improving, 164
    Fall of Western, 109
    Length of, only estimated, 115
    Longest in the world, 183
    Meuse, the, 180
    Miles of navigable, in United States, 157
    Mississippi, 115
    Missouri, 115

  Road Laws of Illinois, 86

  Robards, Mrs., union with Jackson, 28

  Rock Island, elevation of, 109

  Rome, burning of, 49

  Roof, the pitch of a, 179

  Rooster, the, a Democratic emblem, 124

  Royal family of England, 72

  Rulers of the World, 84

  Runs, fastest, 68, 175

  Runs, longest, 25

  Ruskin, John, sketch of, 93-94

  Russell, “Bull Run”, 182

  Russia, wealth of, 142

  RUSSIANS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  RYE—
    Amount of alcohol in, 163
    Duty on, 11


  S.

  Sacramento Valley, 24

  Saint Simon, sketch of, 120

  Safford, Truman Henry, 75

  Saginaw salt wells, 175

  SALARIES, U. S.—
    Department, 107-108
    Executive, 107-108, 177

  Salem Witchcraft, 150

  SALOONS—
    In Chicago, 77, 105
    In Illinois, 105
    Keepers, nationality of, 178
    Licenses in Chicago, 1880, 180

  SALT—
    Duty on, 11
    Product of and tax in New York, 173
    Regions, greatest, 175
    Revenue from, 173

  Salt Lake, description of, 166-167

  Salvation Army, the, 110-111

  SAN FRANCISCO—
    Burning of, 50
    Distance from Australian and other ports, 124
    Fares from to various ports, 124

  San Marino, 59

  San Joaquin Valley, 24

  Sand, George, 121-122

  Sandeau, Jules, sketch of, 121-122

  Sandpaper, 133

  SANDWICH ISLANDS—
    Leprosy in, 6
    Natives of in Chicago, 23
    Natives of in New York, 23

  SANTA FE—
    Age of, 64
    Settlement of, 62

  Savannah, burning of, 50

  Sayers, Tom, 175

  “Scalpers,” how they work, 154

  Scandinavian, old ideas of heaven, 38

  “Schonberg Cotta Family,” author of, 72

  SCHOOLS—
    First free, in the United States, 116
    Of Britain and Ireland, 117
    For colored race, 89
    Temperance in, 34-35

  Schwatka, Lieutenant, the explorer, 127

  Schwerin, Field Marshal, sketch of, 86

  Scientific societies, 171-172

  Scio, earthquake on island of, 175

  SCOTLAND—
    Area of, 31
    Natives of in Chicago, 23
    Natives of in New York, 23

  Scriptures, the Jewish, 103

  Scythians and Darius, 115

  SEA—
    Finding latitude at, 30, 36
    Gold and silver in, 72-73

  Seas, the high, 51

  Seasons, limits of the, 108

  “Secret of Swedenborg”, 8

  Secretaries, of States, 70

  SECTIONS—
    Government, 174
    Of land, “long and short”, 90

  Sects, religious, statistics of, 9

  Sedan, battle of, 175

  SENATE, U. S.—
    Members of, 185
    Presidents of, 115
    Presidents, pro tem. salary of, 181

  Senators of Kansas, 59

  Septuagint, 60

  Settlers on railroad lands, 125

  Shakespeare, articles on, 45

  Sharon, Hon. Wm., sketch of, 104

  Sharps, Christian, 180

  Shells, how to polish, 132

  SHERIDAN, GENERAL PHIL—
    At Sedan, 175
    Name of wife of, 174

  Shilling in various States, 54

  Shilling, the York, 54

  Ship, largest, 183

  Ship-building, English and American, 17-18

  Shipping, American sold, 98

  Ship-wrecked, persons, care of, 179

  Siding-lumber, grades of, 85

  Signal service, 143

  Signal station, elevation of, 127-128

  Signals of storms, 5-6

  Signs of weather changes, 24-25

  Silk from osage-orange, 129-130

  Silk-worms, development of, 182

  SILVER—
    Localities and uses, 14
    In sea water, 72-73

  Silver coins at a premium, 110

  Silver-plating, cheap method, 101-102

  Silver-ware, how to clean, 9

  Sinaloa, route to, 72

  Sing Sing, penitentiary at, 179

  Sintuism, 168

  Sirens, the, 91

  Sirloin, derivation of, 56-57

  Sistine Chapel, 18

  “Skeleton in every closet,” a, 123

  Skulls as bowls, 38

  Slave, first negro in Chicago, 174

  Slave trade, 51-52

  Slaves, voting, value of, 11

  SLAVERY—
    First case of in Chicago, 174
    In Cuba, 23
    In Illinois, 89-90
    In Jamaica, 52

  Smith, “Extra Billy”, 179

  Smut in wheat, 165

  Smyrna, burning of, 49-50

  Snake, hoop, 184

  Snow-shoes, how to make, 174

  Socialism, 79

  Societies, art, historical, and scientific, 171-172

  Soldiers’ Homesteads, 29-30

  Solferino, battle of, 134-135

  “Sons of Liberty”, 130-131

  “Sore-heads”, 52

  Sound and sense, 16

  South, the, and protective tariff, 128-129

  South Americans in Chicago, 23

  South Americans in New York, 23

  South Carolina, “Republic of”, 58

  Southern Hotel, loss of life in, 180

  Sovereigns of England, 26

  Spain, wealth of, 142

  SPANIARDS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE—
    Right to appoint a chairman, 53
    Salary of, 177
    Who have been, 145

  Specie, resumption of, 135

  Speed, of railway trains, 28

  Sphinx, the, 118

  SPIRITS—
    Production of, 171
    Revenue from, 172

  Spring, limits of, 108

  Spurzheim, Dr., 9

  St. Anastasias, sketch of, 107

  St. Augustine, age of, 64

  St. George’s Company and Ruskin, 93-94

  St. Helena, 17

  St. Ildefonso, treaty of, 179

  St. John, age of at death, 178

  St. Johns, burning of, 50

  ST. LOUIS—
    Burning of, 50
    Elevation of, 109

  St. Patrick, 181

  St. Patrick’s Day, 178

  St. Paul, Minn., elevation of, 128

  St. Peter’s Cathedral, 69

  St. Petersburg, burning of, 49-50

  St. Thomas, burning of, 50

  STAMPS, POSTAGE—
    Origin of, 67
    In a business letter, 182

  Standish, Miles, wife of, 174

  “Star Organization”, 130

  Stars, steering by the, 30

  STATES—
    Debts of, 98
    Formed from others, 62-63
    Nicknames of, 181
    Repudiating debts, 43-44
    Returning to a Territory, 181
    Security for U. S. loans, 79-80
    Vote of in November, 1882, 23
    Wealth of the, 98, 158

  Statesmen, Eminent American, 61

  Steamers, course across the Atlantic, 178

  Steamship, fastest time of a, 177

  Steel and Steel Rails, 66-67

  Stock Yards, Chicago, 175

  Stockholm, burning of, 49

  Storm Signals, 5-6

  Stratton, C. H., sketch of, 106

  Strother, D. H., 115

  Stubbs, Charles W., 106

  Suffrage, history of, 14-15

  Suicides, annual number of, 91

  Sullivan, Alexander, 65-66

  Sullivan-Hanford murder, 65-66

  Summer, limits of, 108

  Sumter, Ft., flag restored on, 88

  SUN—
    Days north of equator, 104
    Days south of equator, 104
    In the north window, 180
    Visible zones of, 20

  Sundays, five in February, 62

  Sunday schools in the world, 117

  Sun-dial and clock, 97

  Sunlight, covers more than a hemisphere, 117

  Survey, rectangular system of, 178

  SWEDES—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  SWISS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23


  T.

  Tahoe, lake, description of, 163

  Taine, M., sketch of, 151

  Talent, value of Hebrew, 180

  Talleyrand insults United States, 82

  Tarantulas, 137-138

  TARIFF—
    And parties, 8
    Articles on, 45
    Canadian, 86
    Effect upon commerce, 103
    High and cheap goods, 160
    Low and fiat money, 113
    Increase of, 7-8
    In Great Britain, 58-59
    On coal, 11
    On diamonds, 166
    On farm products, 11
    On guns, 8
    On tin, 119
    Present duties, 7-8
    Jackson on, 147
    Jefferson on, 147
    In the South, 128-129
    Madison on, 147
    Monroe on, 147
    Van Buren on, 147
    Washington on, 147
    Who pays the, 160

  Tasso, sketch of, 9-10

  Tay Bridge disaster, 59

  Taylor, President, descent of, 20

  Taylor, “Father,” sketch of, 151

  Tea, first use of, 95

  TELEGRAPH—
    Autographic, 183
    Cable, to Ireland, 184
    Electric, 79
    Money and goods, 163
    The printing, 79
    Wheatstone’s, 79

  Telephone and telegraph compared, 86-87

  Telephone, how to operate, 87

  Telescope—Night-glass, 133

  TEMPERANCE—
    Facts for in Chicago, 77
    In common schools, 34-35
    In Germany, 21
    In Indiana politics, 35
    Movement, origin of, 21-22
    Societies, orders, etc., 21

  Templars, Good, 22

  Temperature, how observed, 93

  Tennessee gold mines, 57

  Terne plates, 119

  Testament, the Old, 103

  Texas admitted to the U. S, 184

  THERMOMETERS—
    Alcohol instruments, 177
    Zero, point of, 58

  Thoroughbred, meaning of, 175

  “Those everlasting gardens,” etc, 157

  Throop, Governor Enos T., sketch of, 24

  Throws, longest, 25, 68

  Thumb, Tom, sketch of, 106

  TIMBER—
    Act to encourage culture of, 99
    Claims, fraudulent, 48
    Culture act, 46
    Lands in Dakota, 43

  TIME—
    Difference of between various places, 19
    Geological divisions of, 120
    Noon marks, 24

  “Times that try men’s souls”, 67

  TIN—
    Mines, principal ones, 58
    Plate Association, 119
    Tariff on, 119
    Where found and use, 14

  Titus and the Colosseum, 68

  Toadstool, 79

  TOBACCO—
    Crop for 1880 and 1881, 176
    Revenue from, 172
    Sale of by producer, 92-93

  Tom Thumb, sketch of, 106

  “Tongue” and “Language”, 97-98

  Torpedoes, submarine, 125-126

  Torrismond, 10

  Tortugas, Dry, 178

  Towers, government, for geodetic survey, 176

  Townships, political and government, 67

  Trade, as shown by clearings, 17

  Trade marks, use of, 102

  Trades unions, history of, 26-27

  Training School for Nurses, 76

  Treasury Department, salaries of, 107-108

  Trent, Council of, 102

  Trichinæ, 176

  Trinity Church steeple, 174

  Troy, N. Y., burning of, 50

  Trotting, fastest, 175

  Truesdell truss, 120

  TURKS—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 28


  U.

  Ulysses and the sirens, 91

  “Uncle Tom,” the original, 175

  Union losses in civil war, 74

  United Brethren, 114

  UNITED STATES—
    Agriculture in, 103
    Army, cost of the, 164
    Banks of, 12-13
    Capital of the, 163
    Capitals during Revolution, 62
    Carrying trade of, 103
    Cattle in the, 121, 127
    Civil list of, 28
    Coal area of, 157
    Coins, fineness of, 20
    Colored population of, 175
    Commerce of, 103
    Cultivated area of the, 139
    Debt of, 30, 38, 78-79
    Expenditures for government, 174, 183
    Expenditures of for eighteen years, 75
    First free schools in, 116
    Gortschakoff’s attitude to, 38
    Homeopathy in the, 112
    Imports during 1881, 175
    Islands belonging to, 136-137
    Largest cities in, 151
    Loans in 1860, 163-164
    Loans, State security for, 79
    Loans, when non-negotiable, 79
    Manufacturers of, 106
    Marine, size of, 97
    Miles of navigable waters, 157
    Miles of railroad in, 157
    Militia, force of the, 162
    Mining in, 103
    Mints and assay offices, 67
    Most level States of the, 176
    National cemeteries of, 159
    Number of occupations in, 136
    Oldest settlements, 61-62
    Railway speed in, 28
    Rates of interest in, 63
    Senators and Representatives, 177
    Ship building in, 17-18
    Signal service, 143
    Tin mines in, 58
    Treaties of with China, 126-127
    Vast possessions of, 93
    Wages in, 17
    Wealth of, 42, 98

  “Unless you can muse,” etc., 119

  Utah, woman suffrage in, 166


  V.

  Vaccinating immigrants, 40

  Vallandigham, C. L., 130

  Valleys, greatest river, 67

  Valparaiso, burning of, 50

  VAN BUREN, PRESIDENT—
    And President Polk, 52
    Descent of, 20
    Vice President, 49

  Vauxhall Gardens, 164

  Venezuela, freedom of, 25

  Venice, burning of, 49

  Vespasian and Colosseum, 68

  Vessels, American, sold, 98

  VICE PRESIDENT—
    Election of, 94
    Salary of, 177

  Victoria, Province of, 51

  Victoria, Queen, children of, 72

  Surname of, 98

  Victoria Nyanza, source of river Nile, 176

  VIRGINIA—
    And W. Virginia, 62-63
    Description of, 183
    Early history of, 126
    Gold mines, 57
    Population, 183
    State debt of, 41

  Vote of States, Nov., 1882, 23

  VOTING—
    Age required in different States, 181
    Property qualification for, 145


  W.

  WAGES—
    In England and America, 17
    Of printers in Chicago, 174

  WALES—
    Area of, 31
    Title of Prince of, 49

  Walker, Captain J., sketch of, 170

  Walking, best, 143

  Wallace, Sir William, sketch of, 74-75, 169-170

  WAR—
    Civil, battles of the, 109-110
    Franco-German, 40
    Mexican, cause of, 183
    Of 1812, cause of the, 183
    Of 1861-65, killed and wounded, 74

  Warner, Anna, 97

  Warner, Susan, 97

  Washington, descent of, 20

  Washingtonian Society, 22

  WASHINGTON TERRITORY—
    Crops and herds of, 100
    Description of, 99
    Facts about, 87

  WATCH—
    First, 3
    Affected by electricity, 179

  “Watch and Ward”, 8

  Water, why it freezes soft, 20

  Waterloo, battle of, 47-48

  Watts, Isaac, 178

  Wealthiest States, 158

  WEALTH—
    Of Nations, 142
    Of States, 98
    Of United States, by States, 42

  Weather signs, 24-25

  WEIGHTS—
    At poles and equator, 179
    Of various kinds of lumber, 107
    Of various substances, 183

  “We” in journalism, 121

  Wellington, Duke of, 54

  WELSH—
    In Chicago, 23
    In New York, 23

  West, French explorers in, 90

  WEST INDIES—
    Natives of in Chicago, 22
    Natives of in New York, 23

  WEST VIRGINIA—
    How formed, 62
    Capital of, 175

  WHEAT—
    Amount of alcohol in, 163
    Duty on, 11
    In Illinois, 1882, 105
    In Ohio and Nebraska, 161
    Smut in, 165

  WHIG PARTY—
    Death of the, 49
    Origin of the, 19

  WHISKY—
    First use of, 95
    Production of, 171

  Whisky war in Pennsylvania, 90

  White, Henry Kirke, 178

  Whitney, Eli, inventor, 114

  WIFE—
    Dower, right of a, 144
    Land entry by, 73-74
    Property of, 176

  WILLOW, BASKET—
    Curing of, 113
    Farming, etc., 101
    Sale of, 101
    White, how to kill, 176

  Wilson, Henry, change of his name, 181

  Wingfield, Edward M., 14

  Winter, limits of, 108

  Wise, Professor, the balloonist, 71

  Witchcraft, history of, 150

  Wolsey, Cardinal, sketch of, 32-33

  WOMAN SUFFRAGE—
    History of, 14
    In New Jersey, 134

  WOMEN—
    Homestead rights of, 85
    Married, rights of, 144
    Of age, when, 177

  WOOD IN UNITED STATES—
    Amount used as fuel, 38-39
    Amounts used for other purposes, 39

  WORLD—
    Nations of the, 42-43
    Population of the, 37-38

  Worms after a shower, 184

  Wyoming massacre, 89

  WYOMING TERRITORY—
    Bad lands in, 153-154
    Fossils in, 154
    Governor’s term and salary, 57

  Wright, P. C., 130

  Wright, Silas, 52-53


  X.

  Xenophon, sketch of, 75

  Xerxes’ army, size of, 176


  Y.

  YALE COLLEGE—
    Founding of, 109
    Wealth, attendance, etc., 134

  Yeddo, burning of, 50

  Yokohama, burning of, 50

  York Shilling, 54

  Younger, Cole, 177


  Z.

  Zero point of thermometer, 58

  Zinc, where found and use, 14

  Zodiac, signs of the, 30-31

  Zones of the sun, visible, 20




  Transcriber’s Notes

  pg 7 Changed: But two thinge have not been explained
            to: But two things have not been explained

  pg 8 Changed: appeared in The Semi-Weelky Inter Ocean
            to: appeared in The Semi-Weekly Inter Ocean

  pg 8 Changed: Moralism and and Christianity
            to: Moralism and Christianity

  pg 11 Changed: During the war he wss not
             to: During the war he was not

  pg 15 Changed: the field should be one-third the lenghth
             to: the field should be one-third the length

  pg 16 Changed: he became President of Washington ann Lee College
             to: he became President of Washington and Lee College

  pg 22 Changed: Railroad consists of a single row of colums
             to: Railroad consists of a single row of columns

  pg 24 Changed: all kinds of animals by securing the passsage
             to: all kinds of animals by securing the passage

  pg 27 Changed: An improvment which, it is claimed
             to: An improvement which, it is claimed

  pg 30 Changed: Representations of the zodacal signs
             to: Representations of the zodiacal signs

  pg 30 Changed: divided into twelve equal parts, coresponding
             to: divided into twelve equal parts, corresponding

  pg 33 Changed: there are indications that the Territary
             to: there are indications that the Territory

  pg 35 Changed: educational remedies for these appaling evils
             to: educational remedies for these appalling evils

  pg 40 Changed: BRIDGES AND RYTHMIC VIBRATION
             to: BRIDGES AND RHYTHMIC VIBRATION

  pg 40 Changed: music when crossing a supension
             to: music when crossing a suspension

  pg 40 Changed: and William of Innspruck
             to: and William of Innsbruck

  pg 40 Changed: each having an exterior collonade
             to: each having an exterior colonnade

  pg 44 Changed: Please give the the origin
             to: Please give the origin

  pg 45 Changed: a royal actavo of 1,442 pages
             to: a royal octavo of 1,442 pages

  pg 46 Changed: and to prevent a repitition
             to: and to prevent a repetition

  pg 50 Changed: from north to south, containtng
             to: from north to south, containing

  pg 51 Changed: In the event of crimes committted
             to: In the event of crimes committed

  pg 53 Changed: the House went into commitee
             to: the House went into committee

  pg 60 Changed: subjects in the popular enclyclopedias
             to: subjects in the popular encyclopedias

  pg 63 Changed: two eminent astronomers and mathemeticians
             to: two eminent astronomers and mathematicians

  pg 63 Changed: Where opportunities for profitable investiment
             to: Where opportunities for profitable investment

  pg 64 Changed: to persuade them them to submit
             to: to persuade them to submit

  pg 66 Changed: such as sulphur, phosporus, etc
             to: such as sulphur, phosphorus, etc

  pg 68 Changed: assisted in the expulsion of Lydamis
             to: assisted in the expulsion of Lygdamis

  pg 69 Changed: passeth publicly for the periphasis
             to: passeth publicly for the periphrasis

  pg 72 Changed: Her eigth is Leopold
             to: Her eighth is Leopold

  pg 75 Changed: Observer in the Cambridge Univergity
             to: Observer in the Cambridge University

  pg 76 Changed: dissatisfied with with some of their doctrines
             to: dissatisfied with some of their doctrines

  pg 77 Changed: A sketch of Socrates has rately been given
             to: A sketch of Socrates has rarely been given

  pg 78 Changed: What length of time will if require
             to: What length of time will it require

  pg 79 Changed: repayment for this purpose of the public deposites
             to: repayment for this purpose of the public deposits

  pg 80 Changed: bills of credit, not exeeding
             to: bills of credit, not exceeding

  pg 80 Changed: increased to $3,000,000, and approtioned
             to: increased to $3,000,000, and apportioned

  pg 81 Changed: and a residental qualification
             to: and a residential qualification

  pg 82 Changed: and France, satisfed that the United States
             to: and France, satisfied that the United States

  pg 84 Changed: What is abestos
             to: What is asbestos

  pg 87 Changed: Which is best adapted to Northeners
             to: Which is best adapted to Northerners

  pg 90 Changed: being retained upon the statue book
             to: being retained upon the statute book

  pg 99 Changed: safe from Indian depredatious
             to: safe from Indian depredations

  pg 99 Changed: except in districts where artifical irrigation
             to: except in districts where artificial irrigation

  pg 100 Changed: At this period he satarized
              to: At this period he satirized

  pg 100 Changed: attacking the inconcistencies and political
              to: attacking the inconsistencies and political

  pg 108 Changed: and the equinoctiol points
              to: and the equinoctial points

  pg 111 Changed: Quartenary to Quaternary (2 places)

  pg 112 Changed: the houses of Augustus and Macænas
              to: the houses of Augustus and Maecenas

  pg 112 Changed: HOMEOPATHATY IN THE UNITED STATES.
              to: HOMEOPATHY IN THE UNITED STATES.

  pg 112 Changed: voted for this apprrpriation
              to: voted for this appropriation

  pg 113 Changed: too modererate tariff
              to: too moderate tariff

  pg 115 Changed: The latest edition of “Lippincott’s Gazeteer
              to: The latest edition of “Lippincott’s Gazetteer

  pg 120 Changed: The real cause was the faulty construcion
              to: The real cause was the faulty construction

  pg 121 Changed: three small rooms in the Ousi Saint Michel
              to: three small rooms in the Quai Saint Michel

  pg 125 Changed: and that the latter ammounted to 65
              to: and that the latter amounted to 65

  pg 131 Changed: 8. To harrass loyal men
              to: 8. To harass loyal men

  pg 133 Changed: such States as had cumpulsory attendance laws
              to: such States as had compulsory attendance laws

  pg 134 Changed: would never stop, when when suddenly
              to: would never stop, when suddenly

  pg 137 Changed: Southern Pecific Railroad
              to: Southern Pacific Railroad

  pg 141 Changed: the sales are never consumated
              to: the sales are never consummated

  pg 153 Changed: and in this country by John W. Fawken
              to: and in this country by Joseph W. Fawkes

  pg 153 Changed: indurated clays, sands, marls, and occassional
              to: indurated clays, sands, marls, and occasional

  pg 161 Changed: for a series of reminisences
              to: for a series of reminiscences

  pg 178 Changed: as others wise the receiver cannot tell
              to: as otherwise the receiver cannot tell

  pg 180 Changed: has occured on Sunday fourteen times
              to: has occurred on Sunday fourteen times

  Punctuation normalized throughout book.




[a]intrigue
[b]exciting
[c]true scholarship
[d]minority report
[e]a reading can be cruel (?)
